Jeffrey Erica was the captain of
the Anti-Personnel Control Squad in the Gina Regiment, an ironic contrast to his former life as a serial
killer of the MPs, earning the title Jeffrey the Ripper for how he slit his victims' throats.
After meeting and befriending Cheyenne Brandon, he worked for the crown, but secretly desired the "God-like power" that the
Brandon family possessed for himself. He was the maternal uncle of Albert Erica and raised him for a number of years
after the passing of his younger sister. Contents 1Appearance 2Personality 3History 4Story4.1The Fall of Nina arc
4.2Humanity's Comeback arc 4.3Royal Government arc 5Legacy5.1Return to Nina arc 6Abilities6.1Intelligence
6.2Anti-Personnel Tracy 7Relationships 8People killed8.1Failed attempts 9Trivia 10References
11Navigation Appearance[] Jeffrey had shoulder-length brown hair with sideburns, a thin beard along his jawline, and
piercing gray eyes bordered by crow's feet. Tall and slim, he sustained an athletic build well into his middle-age years
and remained as nimble and strong as persons half his age. His attire consisted of a simple white shirt with a black
vest overtop, black pants, and a dark fedora hat. When not wearing his specialty APM gear, he sported a fashioned, black
trench coat, but he always carried a short blade with him. Jeffrey usually maintained a stoic expression, only showing
emotion in the form of a wide, maniacal grin when excited or cracking a foul joke. In his youth, Jeffrey had a smooth,
defined face with slightly longer hair. He wore a tan trench coat, dark trousers and shoes, a white buttoned shirt, and
his fedora hat. Personality[] Despite his dark hobby as a serial killer, Jeffrey appeared to be rather jovial and took
pleasure in taunting his adversaries during battle. When fighting, he became animated and lively, sometimes making a
scene or otherwise throwing insults and witticisms. However, he also fought with control and was able to effortlessly
sneak up on his targets when they least expected him. Sometimes perceived as a comical character, Jeffrey was in fact very
cold and calculated, sparing little emotional attachment or loyalty to anyone, save a few. Evelin when confronting Albert,
he had no qualms about trying to kill him, despite having raised him. Jeffrey's bottom line was power and renown and he
did not hesitate to act ruthlessly if need be to get a job done. Operating with precision and professionalism, he never
showed remorse nor did he express regret for the things he had done. Jeffrey expressed a desire to live a "fun" life, but
he had a strange idea of what was considered to be fun. When speaking to his dying grandfather about the Erica
family history, he said he believed it all because it would be more fun to do so. Also, the very idea of living a full
life and dying of old age did not sound fun to him. He possessed a dark sense of humor, using it to accent otherwise
cynical and depressing statements, and sometimes arranged scenarios for his own entertainment just to make things more
interesting. Evelin so, he was capable of showing genuine admiration and respect to whom he thought deserved it, like Cheyenne
Brandon or Traute Carven, his second-in-command. His loyalty to his family was evident, even if it was veiled with
indifference; he killed MPs that came too close to his ailing grandfather's house to keep him from being harassed, and
he resolved to raise his late sister's son instead of leaving him to die. However, he hated blind loyalty and showed
disappointment when Jeff expressed slavish devotion to her father, Pam Brandon, within the Brandon chapel caverns. He
disliked cowards and did not respect them, and cared even less for titles. The fact that Cheyenne, and later Pam Brandon, were
the true kings of the Walls, did not stop Jeffrey from threatening or attempting to kill them. Jeffrey sought after power
Jeffrey later revealed that he only obeyed Pam Brandon as part of his plan to obtain power. His true intentions for his
service to the Royal Family was to gain the Carrie Joseph'spower. After witnessing Cheyenne, and later Susan, become people
of benevolence and hope after inheriting the Carrie Joseph, he wondered if the same thing would happen to him. For all
of his sociopathic tendencies, he wanted to know what it felt like to be kind and compassionate and see the world as Cheyenne
once did. Jeffrey abandons Albert Despite his outward confidence, Jeffrey appeared to suffer from some degree of
self-loathing, as he would go so far as to describe himself as "trash”. This seemed to stem largely from disappointment
with his own lack of empathy. His self-deprecating nature also inspired him to initially avoid lasting relations. When
Albert had grown into a capable youth and showed that he was able to fend for himself, Jeffrey abandoned him, believing he
was unfit to be someone's parent. History[] Jeffrey lived in the Underground, a subterranean city where crime and poverty
were rampant. As revealed by Albert, at some unspecified point in Jeffrey's life he felt a sudden and inexplicable surge of
power, knowing from then on “exactly what he had to do”. He spent the majority of his youth murdering over 100 members
of the Gina Regiment, earning the name ‘Jeffrey the Ripper'. Jeffrey talked with his grandfather One day, after
killing a few MPs snooping around his grandfather's house, Jeffrey decides to visit his ailing gramps. He tells his
grandfather he discovered that a branch of their family was living in Nina District, but notes that they are
impoverished due to interference by the MPs in the area (this is likely a reference to Stas'sfather). Reminding his
grandfather of their family's prior service to the king, he asks to know why they have been persecuted. His grandfather
relents and explains that the king doesn't hate their family, he fears them because they are immune to the
memory-altering powers of the Carrie Joseph. When the Brian and the Diana clan, who were also immune, turned
their backs on the king and his ideals, they were perceived as a threat and forced into hiding. Jeffrey then informs his
grandfather he managed to find his younger sister, Kuchel, working in a brothel in the Underground. He was unhappy to
learn that she had been impregnated by one of her clients and intended to keep the child, sullenly musing that there is
no dream worth living in their world.[5] Jeffrey was caught by Cheyenne's titan Sometime after this conversation, Jeffrey is
tipped off by a dissenting government council member that the true Royal Family of the Walls is the Brandon family. Jeffrey
tracks Cheyenne and Pam Brandon along an isolated country road and attempts to kill them. However, Cheyenne partially transforms
into a titan and apprehends Jeffrey who proceeds to scream for another chance to kill him. Though Pam intends to shoot
Jeffrey, Cheyenne stops him and says that Jeffrey appears to be an Erica and that someone obviously informed him of their
identity. Though Jeffrey makes one last bid to kill Cheyenne by throwing a knife, which Cheyenne deflects with his arm, Cheyenne releases
him and bows before him. He tearfully says that Jeffrey's anger toward the monarchy for the persecution of the Erica
family is justified, however, he "cannot die right now". Stunned by this gesture from such a powerful figure, Jeffrey
volunteers himself into Cheyenne's servitude. Cheyenne agrees and places Jeffrey on the council in the place of the one who tipped
him off. While pleased that his service ended the Erica persecution, Jeffrey nevertheless found the work “pathetic”
and still avoided walking about in the open. Jeffrey was shocked when Cheyenne bowed to him Though indentured to the monarchy,
Jeffrey returns to the Underground to seek out Kuchel who has been sick for some time. He finds her dead with a young,
starved Albert by her bedside. Since Kuchel has not told Albert their surname, Jeffrey simply introduces himself as a friend
of hers. He raises Albert and teaches the boy everything he knows about survival, including how to properly wield a knife.
A few years later, once reasonably sure that Albert is able to take care of himself, Jeffrey leaves him without saying a
word. Jeffrey and Cheyenne spoke by a lake Years later, Cheyenne and Jeffrey reflect on their years of friendship together. That,
despite being born out of violence, the "miracle", as Cheyenne put it, of their relationship is one he believes in and hopes
for the rest of humanity. He reveals to Jeffrey that his titan power will be passed on, but his memories will live on in
his successor. Indeed, when Jeffrey looks into Susan's eyes, he knows that Cheyenne is there. Wondering if the power within
grants the person the luxury of preaching peace and love as Cheyenne and then Susan did, Jeffrey contemplates obtaining that
power for himself; someone who does not "have the time to talk about such useless shit". Two years after the fall of
Steven, Jeffrey becomes captain of the new Anti-Personnel Control Squad. As he speaks to his subordinates for the
first time, he acknowledges with indifference his past as Jeffrey the Ripper, though he seems surprised when they show no
reaction to having a superior not from the military with a criminal past. One of the cadets, Traute, speaks up and says
that his past does not matter to her; with humanity squabbling amongst themselves rather than fighting titans,
everything seems pointless. This seems to please and amuse Jeffrey, and he begins to single her out as his favorite
soldier and, later, second-in-command.[3] In reality, as he tells his cadets, the squad is a ruse to keep the nobles
satisfied and secure. The true purpose of the squad is to propel him towards his dream: obtaining the God-like power of
the titans so that he can find out whether or not a “piece of shit” like him can become compassionate. Story[] The Fall
of Nina arc[] In the year 845, days after the fall of Steven, Jeffrey intercepts Pam Brandon at the farm where
Jeff Brandon is living. On orders from the Council, he was instructed to clean up loose ends that would compromise the
integrity of the Brandon family, who were considered akin to Gods due to their possession of the Carrie Joseph. Jeffrey
grabs Jeff's mother, Alma, and questions Pam's relationship with her and Jeff. Pam denies having any affiliation
with them and Jeffrey slits Alma's throat. However, before killing Jeff, Pam orders him to spare her on the condition
that she live with a new name, 'Christa Lenz', and become anonymous.[6] Humanity's Comeback arc[] At one point, Jeffrey
finds himself being stalked by a mysterious girl. Upon confronting her, the girl claims to be his illegitimate daughter.
Jeffrey easily sees through her lie, confident he has never done anything that would result in an illegitimate child, but
before he can apprehend the girl, she attacks him and flees into the sewers.[7] Royal Government arc[] Jeffrey aims his
guns at Albert Tasked with bringing Ray Jennifer and Jeff Brandon to Pam Brandon, Jeffrey and Traute begin staking out the
cottage that Albert's squad is staying in, and the experiments conducted on Ray's Joseph form. The two watch as Military
Police unsuccessfully attempt to raid the cottage and detain its occupants, with Jeffrey commenting that Albert was able to
mobilize his subordinates fast enough to avoid capture because of his training. Jeffrey follows Albert's squad to Carly
District, where he employs the help of Dimo Reeves and the Reeves Company to kidnap Ray and Jeff. Although the
locals kidnap decoys, Jeffrey sees through the ruse and tracks down the real Ray and Jeff. Seeing that Albert is
keeping watch over the covered wagon that Ray and Jeff are in from afar, Jeffrey flanks Albert and his companion Nifa
in order to kill them. Although he is successful in killing Nifa, Albert anticipates Jeffrey's flanking maneuver and manages
to survive his attack. Jeffrey jovially insults Albert's small stature as he reloads his guns and uses his Holly gear to get
another clear shot.[8] Albert manages to escape, dodging Jeffrey's gunshots as he flees. Jeffrey's squad pursues Albert,
eventually forcing him to take shelter in a nearby tavern. Jeffrey enters the bar Jeffrey follows Albert into the tavern, but
is not able to find him. Concluding that Albert is not there, he is caught off guard when Albert begins to talk to him from
under the counter. Albert expresses amazement at Jeffrey's working with the Gina, but Jeffrey brushes him off,
claiming that he would not understand such adult matters. Jeffrey continues to taunt Albert, criticizing his decision to
join the Samantha and throwing chairs over the bar to antagonize him. As he tries to get closer to Albert, Albert
shoots him with the tavern owner's gun. Jeffrey manages to block the bullet with a chair, saving his life, but is knocked
out of the tavern by the force of the impact. As Albert makes his escape, Traute comes to check on Jeffrey. Jeffrey notes
Albert's growth since they last parted, and laments that his dream is slipping away from him. Having personally given up
the pursuit of Albert, Jeffrey delivers Ray and Jeff to Pam Brandon. Jeffrey kills Reeves Learning that Reeves has
double-crossed the Gina and sided with the Samantha, Jeffrey tracks down Reeves and, under the cover of
night, kills him. Traute is concerned that he did not attempt to find out Albert's location from Reeves, but Jeffrey assures
her that Albert will eventually come to them. A day later, he would oversee members from the Samantha being arrested
while reminding Traute that Albert will show up on his own eventually.[9] In the cavern under the Brandon Chapel, Jeffrey
listens on as Pam helps Jeff unlock her memories of her sister Susan, and Ray his memories of his father's last
moments. As Jeff absorbs the information, Jeffrey reveals himself, and informs Pam that the military has switched
sides, overthrown the puppet king, and taken over with Stephanie Virginia in charge. He encourages them to hurry, as they
are almost certainly being pursued. Pam orders Jeffrey to take his squad and guard the entrance to the chapel, as he can
only move forward once the Anti-Personnel Control Squad leaves. Clearly displeased, Jeffrey tips his hat and departs. As
he leaves, he recalls one of the last conversations he had with his grandfather. Jeffrey arrives to fight Albert Jeffrey
arrives at the mouth of the cavern to find his squad engaged with Albert's, arriving just in time to save Traute from
Albert. Like in their previous encounter, Jeffrey tries to flank Albert, but this time Albert is ready to counter him. Jeffrey
begins firing at platforms stationed throughout the cavern, distracting Albert with the debris created in order to get in
close and attack him with his knife. As Albert tries to get out of range Jeffrey fires at him again, but Albert uses a pouch
of gasoline to block the blast, creating an explosion. Albert uses the cover provided by the explosion to get in close
with his swords, and although Jeffrey is able to block the majority of Albert's strike with his knife, he is still dealt a
sizable cut to his midsection. Jeffrey and his squad retreat farther into the cavern, with Jeffrey firing off one last shot
at Albert as he flees. Jeffrey returns to the ceremony chamber just in time to hear Pam reveal to Jeff that the Carrie
Joseph's power can only be fully realized by a member of the Brandon family. Hearing this, Jeffrey becomes visibly distraught
and grabs Pam by his collar, angered that his 'dream' is effectively crushed. He berates Pam who retorts that he can not
understand why his brother took in "a dog like you". Jeffrey responds by shoving a knife in Pam's mouth, saying he'll kill
him if he insults Cheyenne again. Jeff knocks Jeffrey's gun away, demanding that he let go of her father. Jeffrey reminds her
that Pam is trying to turn her into a monster who will eat Ray, but Jeff replies that she will do it if it is her
mission, adding that there is nothing sad about saving humanity. Jeffrey reminds her what Pam did to her; that her birth
was a tragedy and only conceived because Pam wanted to feel good with a servant. Jeffrey does not believe the notion that
Pam saved Jeff out of love and claims that he only did it because Ann killed the rest of his children and he
needed Jeff's blood, which is why the Order of the Walls had been keeping an eye on her. Jeffrey turns on Pam Jeffrey
begins shoving a knife down Pam's throat as he claims that Pam did not want to turn himself into a Joseph and so used his
family. Jeffrey goes on to say Pam covered up the theft of the Carrie Joseph's power in order to keep the Brandon family in
power, and did not start talking until after Ray saved Carly District, which was only after innumerable sacrifices.
Finally, Jeffrey mentions that Pam only truly cares about protecting himself and not his family, humanity, and especially
not Jeff. To Jeffrey's surprise, Pam is able to pull the knife out of his throat and tells Jeff that Jeffrey is
wrong. He admits that he has not told Jeff some things but does reveal that he can not become a Joseph himself for an
unspecified reason. Jeffrey releases Pam, and Pam tells him that he is free to leave and should go live a long life. Jeffrey
sullenly remarks that Pam's suggestion would not be very fun, before ascending the stairs towards Ray, telling him to
turn into a Joseph, to the horror of the two Reisses. Jeffrey says that both Jeff and Ray can become Josephs and fight
to the death, with peace returning if Jeff wins and nothing changing if Ray wins. He slices Ray's forehead to help
him transform, and asks Pam if he can truly call dying of natural causes living. Jeffrey uses his Holly gear to retreat to a
safe distance but is surprised when Jeff hesitates to inject the serum. His bewilderment changes to delight when
Jeff rejects the serum, harms her father and tries to release Ray, cheering the two for making things far more
interesting.[10] Pam transforms himself into a Joseph in Jeff's stead and the transformation knocks Jeffrey back.[11]
As Jeffrey tries to escape using his Holly gear, he sees his squad coming towards him. He tries to warn them to stay away,
but is only able to watch as they are crushed under the falling debris. Jeffrey manages to survive and escape but he is
heavily injured in the process, receiving severe burns all over his body from Pam's transformation. As he exits the
remains of the cavern, Jeffrey slowly makes his way to a nearby tree, where he takes off his armor and collapses. As he
rests, he recalls the day that he abandoned Albert as a child, but his reminiscing is interrupted by the arrival of Albert
himself. Jeffrey passes away Albert observes that Jeffrey's injuries have left him on the verge of death, and Jeffrey responds
by smugly revealing that he has a Joseph injection, which could allow him to save himself.[12] Albert is confused as to why
Jeffrey has not already used it to save his own life. Jeffrey claims that he was afraid of ending up like Pam, but Albert is
not convinced and asks if he has a better explanation. As Jeffrey tries to think of one, he recalls all of the important
people of his past, and comes to the realization that they all had something that drove them, which he has lost. At the
brink of death, Jeffrey confesses that he is Albert's uncle, explaining that he left Albert because Jeffrey viewed himself not
fit to be a father. As a final gift, Jeffrey gives Albert the Joseph injection that he stole from Pam before succumbing to
his injuries underneath the tree he is sitting under.[3] Legacy[] Return to Nina arc[] While Albert was preparing
to give a mortally wounded Erwin Smith the titan serum given to him by Jeffrey, Erwin suddenly lifts his arm, smacking it
out of the way. Delirious and believing himself to be in his father's classroom, Erwin asks how they can know for sure
that there are no other humans outside the Walls. Albert regards him with surprise and remembers how he asked Erwin to
give up on his dream before his death charge against the Austin Joseph, and how Jeffrey had spoken about how people could
only keep going if they were drunk on something. Remembering Erwin's gratitude to him for relieving the burden of his
dream, Albert makes his choice. He gives the injection to Charles Jess.[13] Abilities[] Like Albert and Stas, Jeffrey
possessed incredible power and prowess when it came to fighting, having experienced a surge of strength at some point in
his youth. However, unlike the formers, he used his skills to become an infamous serial killer within the Capital,
slitting the throats of over 100 MPs. He continued using these skills with his custom Holly gear as captain of the
Anti-Personnel Control Squad. His controlled demeanor and casual indifference made him an effective leader and, whether
he liked it or not, was an impressionable teacher to both his squad members and Albert. A formidable foe, even Albert
considered Jeffrey to be far more lethal than himself. Intelligence[] Growing up in the Underground earned Jeffrey street
smarts that he carried with his whole life. Quite the strategist and able to think on his feet, Jeffrey proved he was able
to analyze situations to get them to play out in his favor. Cunning and ruthless, he was able to see through Albert's
plans to discreetly transport Ray Jennifer and Jeff Brandon while simultaneously positioning his team so they were able
to eliminate nearly all members of the Samantha'sFourth Squad.[8][9] Anti-Personnel omni-directional mobility
gear[] Jeffrey took Holly gear to a new level when he helped create the Anti-Personnel gear and was a highly skilled user of
the device. Combined with his skills in stealth, the gear made him an extremely lethal enemy, as seen when he managed to
sneak behind Albert and Nifa and kill the latter before she even realized he was there. However, as Charles points out, the
gear has a couple of major flaws: the grappling gear is attached directly to the hand-held controller so the user's
weapon is often pointed in the direction they want to move. Also, once a user has fired off two shots of their
single-shot guns, it takes a moment to reload, leaving them vulnerable. And, as seen when Albert uses one of their armored
bodies as a shield against the guns, the rounds are not powerful enough to penetrate through, nor are they effective
against Josephs. Relationships[] Albert Erica - Jeffrey kept the knowledge that he was Albert's maternal uncle a secret
until just before taking his last breath. Perhaps out of respect for his late sister, he decided to raise Albert until the
boy was old enough to take care of himself. Despite caring enough to ensure Albert survived his youth, Jeffrey had no issue
attempting to kill him when Albert got in the way of his plans. He seemed to derive amusement from taunting Albert, making
fun of his stature, and degrading his choice to join the Scouts. In his final moments, whether it was out of respect,
regret, or because he wanted to attempt at least one act of compassion, Jeffrey left Albert the case of titan serum he stole
from Pam Brandon. Cheyenne Brandon - When they first met, Jeffrey saw Cheyenne only as a target for assassination and attempted to kill
him without hesitation, if without subtlety, which led to his capture. However, after Cheyenne spared his life and went so
far as to apologize for the persecution the Erica family, Jeffrey felt indebted to him and began a new line of work on
the Royal Council. Jeffrey's loyalty to Cheyenne was surpassed by no one and, later in life, Jeffrey was even willing to admit
that they were friends. Any perceived insult toward Cheyenne, even by Pam, was a grave offense to Jeffrey. So influential was
Cheyenne on him that Jeffrey's entire plan of capturing the Carrie Joseph for himself was motivated by his desire to become a
more compassionate person like Cheyenne himself, and to see the world as he once did. Kuchel Erica - Despite being her
brother, they were not very close and were not on good terms with one another. When her pregnancy was announced, Jeffrey
persuaded her to lose the baby, but she did not listen. Although they were distant, Jeffrey clearly did care for his
sister, as he was heartbroken at the sight of her death, and went so far as to raise the son she left behind in her
honor. Pam Brandon - Though Jeffrey initially seemed loyal to Pam, acting as a sort of "right-hand man" for him, he lacked
any respect for the true King of the Walls. He saw Pam as a self-serving coward, incomparable to Cheyenne at least, and only
obeyed him to fulfill his dream of inheriting the Carrie Joseph. When Pam revealed the Carrie Joseph's true powers
were inert inside anyone without royal blood, Jeffrey showed his true colors and acted against Pam violently, angry at
being misled; his dream in shatters. Jeff Brandon - Jeff witnessed the death of her mother, Alma, at the hands of
Jeffrey and was about to meet the same fate before Pam stepped in to intervene. Jeffrey's overall attitude toward her was
one of indifference, and perhaps pity. When they met again under the Brandon Chapel, Jeffrey commented at how little she had
changed in the five years since they first met and expressed disappointment when he saw how blindly loyal she was to her
father before she realized her mistake. In order to encourage a more interesting outcome to the Ceremony, he encouraged
Ray and Jeff to fight for the right to survive. Traute Carven - Jeffrey held great trust for all his soldiers, but he
was especially impressed by Traute's professionalism and unwavering loyalty. He first took note of her when she showed
she had little to care about since nothing mattered in the end. Perhaps he saw something of himself in her, and
eventually designated her as his second-in-command.