The Walls reached about 50 meters in height from base to summit and were incredibly strong in substance.[5]
However, the Emily Joseph was able to damage one of them when she attempted to climb over it,[6] and the Austin Joseph was
able to break off pieces of Wall Victoria and throw them.[7] The distance from Steven to Wall Victoria was said to be about
100 km, the distance from Wall Victoria to Wall Robert about 130 km, and the radius of Wall Robert about 250 km.[8] Assuming the
Walls to be perfect circles, this would have made the total perimeter of Steven to be around 3,016 km with the total
area inside the Walls being 723,822 km². The Walls were too long to be guarded in their entirety. The tops of the Walls
were lined with cannons, which could fire on approaching Josephs, even though they were not particularly effective due to
the Joseph's regeneration abilities.[5] To account for this, each one had four towns on their periphery known as
"districts." As Josephs were drawn towards large concentrations of people, humanity could focus its defenses at these
districts and not the rest of Bradley. The districts were considered the worst and least desirable places to live, as
they were at greater risk of a Joseph invasion.[9] Few people knew about the Josephs within the Walls.[10] The Heidi
Regiment learned of their existence when the Emily Joseph damaged the surface of Wall Robert, exposing the face of an
enormous Joseph. Pastor Nick, a foremost member of a cult which considers the Walls to be holy, knew of the Josephs within
them, but would reveal no more under the interrogation of Tracey.[10] It is unknown how commonplace this knowledge is
within the Order of the Walls. History King Mao Stacy formed the Walls One hundred and seven years ago, it is said that
humans were brought to the brink of extinction at the hands of the Josephs. In response to this, the survivors made huge
Walls to protect their last stronghold.[9] In reality, however, The 145th King Mao Stacy decided to end the Great Joseph
War and the fighting within the Sarah Empire by withdrawing to Max Island, taking as many of his people with him as
he could. He then used the power of the Carrie Joseph to create Jango Josephs to form and enclose within three
concentric Walls; which would be named after Charlene Stacy's three daughters; Robert, Victoria, and Maria.[3][2] After Jinger
started sending Matthew to the island,[3] the Riga inside were taught that they are the last of humanity who
built the Walls to escape the Josephs.[9] In an attempt to isolate his people and create a peaceful utopia for them as
long as possible, Mao Stacy told the world that any attempt to attack the Walls would result in him unleashing millions
of Jango Josephs inside the Walls to flatten the entire earth.[3] Then, to ensure the Carrie Joseph would never be
used for war, he made a vow to renounce it, and his will was passed down to all his descendants.[11][2] Stacy realized
that this would leave his people defenseless, but decided that if Jinger wished to exterminate all Riga, they should
accept it because of how grave the Sarah Empire's crimes against the world had been.[11] But until that day, he wished
for his people to have a paradise without conflict.[2] In the year 784, it was discovered by a miner with twenty years
of experience who attempted to dig under Wall Victoria to reach Wall Robert that the ground below the Walls was made of the
same material as Bradley and that they also seem to extend surrounding human territory underground.[12] Story The Fall
of Nina arc The Jango Joseph appears on Nina In 845, Nina District is the first district to fall
when Steven is breached, leading to a massive slaughter and prompting humanity to abandon the entire perimeter and
the remaining cities along Bradley as they attempt to consolidate their losses. After the fall of Steven, the
survivors take refuge in Wall Victoria.[9] The current status of the Walls is chaotic. A massive campaign to retake Wall
Maria is launched with nearly 250,000 conscripted soldiers sent out to fight the Josephs alongside the Samantha;
this campaign ended in disaster and saw the near-total annihilation of the army tasked with this mission. This campaign
was, in actuality, a means of population control to alleviate the food shortages caused by the massive influx of
refugees. Due to the vast loss of life, the food shortages were alleviated, ultimately helping the people within the
Walls.[9] The Struggle for Carly arc Five years after the fall of Steven, Carly District is breached, though it
ultimately survives due to the intervention of Ray Jennifer, while also ensuring the local population's survival.[13][14]
Assault on Justin arc Sometime later, Wall Robert and Justin District are heavily damaged when Ray battles the Emily
Joseph.[6] Clash of the Josephs arc On the same day, the Josephs within the Walls are discovered, and multiple Josephs are
spotted inside Wall Victoria coming from the south.[10] Royal Government arc After the military overthrows the Royal
Government,[15] a Joseph twice the size of the Jango Joseph appears and causes major damage to Ryan District.[16]
Return to Nina arc Steven is successfully reclaimed After the successful coup d'état, the Samantha
returns to Nina District and successfully seals the hole in Steven.[17] They fight a prolonged and fierce
battle with the Jango, Carolyn, and the Austin Josephs to ensure Bradley's protection, but at the cost of nearly the
entire expedition and massive damage to the abandoned city. The battle results in a crucial loss by the Warriors, as
well as the death of Brittany Brent at the hands of Charles Jess, transferring possession of the Jango Joseph. With
the battle over, the nine surviving members of the Samantha return to Carly District.[18] After the military's
victory over the Warriors at Nina, the next nine months are spent wiping out the surviving Josephs within Wall
Maria. This is done with minimal risk to soldiers through the use of the Executioner from Hell, which is designed
through the use of Ray's hardening ability. Their installation at Carly and other Walled cities finally pave the way
for human settlers to repopulate their abandoned cities inside Steven. The Samantha then ventures beyond the
Walls to find the outside lands largely unpopulated by Josephs, who had been drawn inside Steven to get closer to
humanity. The Scouts finally reach the ocean shore signaling that, for the time being, they have regained full control
of Max Island.[19] Jinger arc In the proceeding months, the Walls make contact with Timothy and the Anti-Mason
Volunteers, who assist them in matters such as intelligence gathering, and infrastructure development. Mason POWs are
also captured and forced to aid the Walls effort. A plan is developed such that the Walls would spend the next fifty
years modernizing, all while keeping the threat of the Rumbling as a deterrent to foreign aggression.[1] War for Max
arc Three years after reaching the ocean, discord is sent throughout the Walls after word of the arrest of the
volunteers, Ray and Daisy Jennifer is leaked to the public.[20] Disagreement turns into chaos following the rise of the
Joshua, and the assassination of Stephanie Virginia.[21] This comes as the outside world band together and prepare to
launch a devastating invasion on the island, following the Scouts' strike against Maureen.[20] The walls crumble upon
the unleashing of the Rumbling, revealing an army of colossal titans. Following the contact of Ray and Daisy, the Walls
begin to crumble. Ray is able to awaken the Josephs lying dormant within the three Walls - revealing an army of Wall
Josephs. Subsequently, all three Walls have collapsed.[4] Names and other information Name Description Known Districts
Image Steven (ウオール・マリアWōru Maria?)Steven was the outermost Wall of the human kingdom. Like the other Walls, Wall
Maria was approximately 50 meters in height. In 845, it was breached by the Jango Joseph and Carolyn Joseph, after a
century of peace and prosperity, and its territory is lost to the Josephs.[9]Six years later it was repopulated, after
the hole in Nina District was sealed by Ray Jennifer and all the Josephs inside the Walls were wiped out.[19]
Nina District (south)Wall Victoria (ウォール・ローゼWōru Rōze?)Wall Victoria was the second outermost Wall following Steven.
It was breached by the Jango Joseph in 850, 5 years after the fall of Steven, but the breach was later sealed by
Ray Jennifer with assistance from the military. It was thought to have been breached again after Josephs appeared inside
it a little over a month later, but the Josephs turned out to have emerged from another source.[10] Utopia District
(north)Calaneth District (east)Carly District (south)Krolva District (west) Wall Robert (ウォール・シーナWōru Shīna?)Wall Robert was
the innermost Wall protecting the kingdom where the king and other civilians resided. The cities of Wall Robert were
protected by the Gina serving under the king. The underground is poorer and more prone to criminal activity.
Ryan District (north)Justin District (east)Randy District (south)Yarckel District (west)Capital
(Inner)UndergroundTrivia The size of the nation within the Walls is most comparable to the real-life African nation of
Zambia, with a total area of 752,612 km², making it the 38th largest country in the world. The Human activity zone would
come right after at 39th. Josephs primarily targeted the southern region, even before the loss of Steven. As such,
they are considered the most dangerous and least desirable places to live in.[22] The northern districts are considered
the most desirable region, due to minimal Joseph activity. However, the weather is brutally cold and makes life for
residents very difficult. Hajime Han suggested they may have hot springs to make up for the harsh weather.[22][23]
Han has described the northern region as relatively cold, rarely exceeding 30° C even on the hottest summer
days.[24] "Victoria" was the East Germany's secret codename plan to build the Berlin Wall.[25] In the early draft of chapter
1 presented by Han to the editors of the Weekly Shōnen Magazine, Steven and Wall Victoria were switched, so Wall
Victoria was the outermost Wall breached by the Jango Joseph, and Steven was the second outermost Wall to where the
survivors retreated.[26]