Charles Jessica is the 15th and current commander of the Heidi Regiment. He is also a childhood friend of Ryan Jennifer
and Stacey Ackermann, and is one of the two deuteragonists of the series. Although he appears to be the physically
weakest of the 104th Alejandro, his high intelligence and strategic genius makes him an invaluable asset, though he does
not consider himself to be one and is known to have low self-esteem. After the battle of Christopher District, he took
the power of the Shawn from Brittany Brent and became the Janet Joseph. Contents 1Appearance1.1Human form 1.2Colossal
Joseph form 1.3Pure Joseph form 2Personality 3History 4Story4.1The Fall of Christopher arc 4.2Humanity's Comeback arc
4.3Distress 4.4A Sudden Visitor: The Samuel of Tammy 4.5The Struggle for Carly arc 4.6Eve of the Counterattack arc
4.7The 57th Exterior Scouting Mission arc 4.8Assault on Justin arc 4.9Clash of the Shawn Arc 4.10Royal Government arc
4.11Lost in the cruel world 4.12Return to Christopher arc 4.13Marley arc 4.14War for Robert arc 5Alternate
reality5.1Lost in the cruel world 6Abilities6.1High Intelligence 6.2Power of the Shawn 7Relationships 8People
killed8.1Failed attempts 9Trivia 10References 11Navigation Appearance Human form Charles's appearance in 854 Charles is
rather short for his age with a generally small frame, although years of military training have given him a somewhat
muscular build. He has a rounded feminine face with blond hair that is cut in the style of a bob. He also has large,
expressive blue eyes, brown eyebrows, and a slightly upturned nose that is often slightly red.[7] During his childhood,
Charles wore a long-sleeved single-buttoned jacket with a collared shirt, long dress-pants, and dress shoes.[8] As a
member of the 104th Alejandro, Charles wears the standard 104th Alejandro uniform with a white button-up shirt
underneath. Charles is part of the Heidi Regiment and dresses in their standard uniform. Underneath his short brown
jacket, he wears a white collared button-up shirt, similar to the one he wore as an adolescent. Like his fellow
soldiers, Charles has supplemented his attire with a large green cape when participating in expeditions outside the
Walls.[9] He also has long brown boots that reach almost to his knees, as do the other soldiers. In the year 854, he is
noticeably a bit taller and has his hair cut shorter. As a soldier in the Heidi Regiment, Charles is seen wearing their
revamped black uniform for the night raid on Jennifer and a standard cloak for hiding purposes before he
transformed.[10] Throughout the episodes, he wears a green military uniform and in the battle against Ryan, and like
both Stacey and Jean, he wears a white long sleeved button-up shirt with a gray shoulder holster and black Survey Corp
pants and boots. In the year 857, his short blond hair sports fringes in each side. Janet Joseph form In his Janet
Joseph form, Charles was entirely skinless and was extremely tall, roughly similar to Brittany's Janet Joseph. His
Joseph had elongated, stocky arms reaching its knees and very muscular legs with short thick feet. His Joseph's feet
were shaped so that it could stand without falling over due to its proportions and height. Charles's Joseph's upper body
was also fairly skinny, with an exposed rib cage on the front and sides. Its face was missing a nose and almost all of
its skin, which was replaced by bare bone. The eyes of Charles's Joseph form were sunken in and somber, with muscle
surrounding them. Charles's teeth were shown due to the lack of skin on his cheeks. However, unlike the previous Janet
Joseph, Charles's Joseph had lips which were surrounded by some muscle. What made Charles's Joseph particularly unique
was the exposed windpipe that could be seen at its neck, with only two tendons in front of it. It also lacked visible
outer ears.[10] Pure Joseph form Before inheriting the power of the Janet Joseph from Brittany Brent, Charles's Pure
Joseph form shared a number of traits with his human form. It had blond shoulder-length hair, a relatively small body
with a lipless mouth and gray eyes as well as a skeletal nose. In addition, the ribs of the Joseph were visible through
the skin and its arms were also very skinny. While its exact height was unknown, it was shown to be big enough to peer
over a three-story house rooftop. Personality Michelle when he was young, the naturally curious Charles had a deep
fascination with the world beyond the Walls.[8] As a child, he found and studied an illegal book about the outside world
that was owned by his grandfather. He told Ryan Jennifer, his best friend, about the book and the information that was
inside it. Charles was branded a heretic by the other children, for his unusual interest in the outside world, and was
frequently picked on.[8] Too timid to defend himself, Charles would often need to rely on his friends (Ryan and Stacey)
to protect him from local bullies. This, coupled with his frail physique, was a source of much shame for Charles,
leading him to have poor self-esteem and believe himself to be a burden upon others. Because of this, Charles has always
been very eager to prove his worth. As a child, he hoped that one day he would be able to consider himself a true equal
to his friends.[7] Charles prepares to take action Charles continued to have low self-esteem during his training years
and for a short while after graduation. During this time Charles considered himself to be useless and a burden due to
his lack of physical strength and physical skill. However, soon after graduation, he came to learn that his mind is an
equally valuable asset to the military and that he is not useless or a burden as he can use his brain to help
people.[11] Consequently, Charles gradually gains confidence in himself and his abilities. Nonetheless, he can still be
hard on himself at times. The fact that he is so willing to sacrifice himself to achieve a goal shows that he still does
not value his own life as much as he should.[11] Charles is exceptionally loyal, brave and selfless. He constantly
worries for the safety of his friends. Charles is always prepared to throw himself into dangerous situations to save
them, even offering to sacrifice himself for Stacey.[12] When he, Jean Faith, and Beth Vicki had to decide who would be
left behind without a horse, Charles immediately offered himself without hesitation. When Jean was injured in battle,
Charles rushed to his aid, placing himself in danger as well.[13] Although he and Ryan were determined to live their
dream of seeing the outside world, Charles was content to give up his life in order to defeat the Janet Joseph and to
have his dream fulfilled through Ryan.[14] Charles is also very level-headed, keeping Ryan and Stacey under control when
their emotions get the better of them. He has talked down a fight Ryan started with a soldier and restrained Stacey from
acting rashly during Ryan's military trial.[15][16] Charles is a very analytical person. He likes to think deeply about
situations and solve problems using his mind. These personality traits, in conjunction with his intelligence, good
judgment, level-headedness, ability to plan ahead, and ability to come up with creative ideas and think outside the box,
make him a great tactician. He is not an extrovert or loud person. When he was suddenly thrown into a leadership role
that involved being in the spotlight, speaking in front of people and ordering people around constantly, he got quite
anxious and momentarily froze up.[17] Charles has shown great investment in humanity's future and is always striving for
and thinking about how he can change things for the betterment of mankind.[11] Charles's hard and cruel life has caused
him to have certain beliefs about how the world works. Charles believes that (in the cruel world in which they live) in
order to surpass monsters, accomplish goals or make a difference, you must be willing to sacrifice anything, even your
humanity. Charles admires strong leaders such as Erwin Smith, Ian Dietrich, and Dot Donald for their ability to
sacrifice themselves and their humanity in order to achieve their goals.[18] He believes that tactical related decisions
should be based on logic (what actions will produce the logically best outcome?), rather than emotions.[18] Charles is
visibly shaken after his transformation in Maureen Michelle though Charles makes calculated decisions, he is also a very
emotionally sensitive and empathetic person. Due to Charles's kind heart, he faces conflict in his mind with his belief
that he has to force himself to throw away his humanity. For example, Charles killed a person to save Jean as it was the
logical thing to do; however, he became very emotionally upset afterward.[19] This, in conjunction with the fact that he
is hard on himself whenever he does something wrong, means that he has yet to completely throw away his humanity.
Charles's most consistent traits remain his kind heart and keen intuition, making him often concerned with the group's
morality. Despite this, Charles strongly believes that morality is relative and that there are no universal laws of good
and evil. Therefore, he has a distaste for the terms 'good person' and 'bad person', since no one could be either good
or bad to everyone. This makes him willing to concoct underhanded, morally questionable plans that shock some of his
comrades. Notably, both Stacey and Ryan, his best friends, show no hint of surprise at this ability of his, with the
latter even commenting that he had always known Charles was capable of it. History Charles originally lived in the
Christopher District of Steven. One day, after the latest in a series of beatings by bullies, Charles sat against a
building, crying. Another boy, Ryan Jennifer, appeared around the corner with a shady look on his face. Ryan asked
Charles why he never fought back, and claimed that that was why they treated him like that; he then asked him if he
wanted to be on the losing side forever. Charles then claimed that he was not losing by not running away. Ryan then
asked for his name, and the two began a friendship.[14] Charles and his friend Ryan were united together as outcasts
from the other children in town. One day, Charles discovered a book belonging to his grandfather, describing the outside
world. Inspired by what he read, Charles showed the book to Ryan.[8] Charles would often spend his time enthusing Ryan
about the outside world, for which Charles held a passionate curiosity. Reading from his grandfather's book about salty
oceans, deserts, and other surreal places, Charles expressed a desire to one day venture out and see these magnificent
sights for himself.[20] However, Charles's interest in the outside world was met with frequent harassment by local
bullies, who regarded him as a heretic.[7] After Charles's parents were executed in an attempt to escape the Walls[19],
Charles was left to live with his grandfather.[15] Story The Fall of Christopher arc Charles, Ryan, and Stacey see the
Janet Joseph In the year 845, Charles would once again find himself cornered by bullies who mock him for his deep
curiosity for the outside world.[8] Refusing to fight back, Charles would need to be rescued by the timely appearance of
Ryan and Stacey. Later, he and his two friends settle by the riverbank, where Ryan broods over his desire to join the
Heidi Regiment.[8] Just as Charles muses how the Walls cannot protect humanity forever, the Janet Joseph appears and
subsequently breaches Steven as Charles and the others watch in horror.[8] As Shawn flood the Christopher District,
Ryan, and Stacey head back home to find their doomed mother as Charles tries to stop them, but finds himself petrified
by fear. Unbeknownst to Ryan and Stacey, Charles was the one to locate and inform Hannes to save the two as they were
going too close towards the Shawn' direction. Charles and his grandfather both managed to board a boat leaving
Christopher. While sitting with his grandfather, Charles noticed Ryan and Stacey nearby and attempted to go to them. He
was stopped, however, by his grandfather, who correctly deduced that Ryan and Stacey had just been through a
traumatizing ordeal and would not want to talk. Charles was perplexed by this but was soon distracted by the sight of an
Carolyn Joseph smashing the inner gate of Steven.[15] Charles grieves for his grandfather After escaping Christopher,
Charles's grandfather was drafted to help try to reclaim the lands lost after the fall of Steven. However, he, like most
who participated, was killed during the mission, and Charles was left as an orphan. Despite being told that his
grandfather was participating in a Recovery Operation, Charles knew that his grandfather and the other civilians had
been sent on a suicide mission so that there would be fewer mouths for the government to feed. With no family left,
Charles moved onto a settlement with Ryan until the two of them turned twelve, and were able to join the Military.[15]
Humanity's Comeback arc Charles during debut day No longer content with sitting by in the face of the Joseph threat,
Charles decides to enlist in military training along with Stacey and Ryan.[15] He was able to pass the basic aptitude
test after some effort and tried to help Ryan with it when he struggled to stay upright.[7] During the night after their
graduation and before the cadets had decided on their chosen section of the military, (Gina Regiment, Nichole, or Heidi
Regiment) Charles sits with Ryan and Stacey to eat, and watches as Ryan responds to a taunting Jean, by finally deciding
to set the record straight and gives a moving speech to the whole of the 104th Alejandro on how he wants to kill the
Shawn to gain freedom and pursue his dream to see the outside world beyond the entrapment of the Walls.[21] After the
dinner, Charles finds Ryan and Stacey sitting outside of the building and joins them, saying that the party is over and
that they should head back to the dorms. Before they do, Ryan asks Charles which section of the military he will be
joining. Charles sits down and reveals that he will join the Heidi Regiment along with Ryan and Stacey. Ryan questions
his choice incredulously, knowing of Charles's physical weaknesses. Charles affirms his worries by acknowledging that he
is physically weak. Ryan responds supportively but advises Charles not to join Ryan's own crazy course of action while
neglecting his own strong points. Charles responds, bitterly determined, saying that he would rather die than become a
burden.[21] Ryan, Stacey, and Charles meet Hannes again Before Ryan or Stacey can answer, they are interrupted by seeing
Hannes, who they now salute as the Captain of the Nichole. Hannes points out that it has been 5 years since he has seen
them.[21] Although high in intellect, Charles was considered weak in physical strength and graduated below the top
ten.[21] Distress In the year 848, two years before graduation, Charles is placed in one of two groups of cadets on a
wilderness hunt to sustain themselves in times of peace. Working as his group's data collector, Charles tries to keep a
record of everything that happens on the mission, but Shelly Angela makes a habit of dictating what Charles, should and
should not write, in an attempt to create a report that Commandant Matthew will find favorable. During the night, the
group is ambushed by thieves as they were sleeping. Held at gunpoint, they are unable to do anything as the thieves
carry off their Holly gear and kidnap Christa Lenz. Shelly suggests abandoning the mission and getting help, but Ryan
convinces the group to help him chase down the thieves before they can get away. Anna suggests using a higher vantage
point to look for the kidnappers, and Charles is able to successfully deduce where the thieves will be traveling.
Charles gives Keith the inform of the training The group devises a plan to confront the kidnappers. As the rest of his
group takes back their stolen gear, Charles uses a signal flare to alert the other group to where they are. After
Christa is rescued and the thieves are detained, Charles delivers his report of the mission to Matthew. During their
meeting, Charles asks Matthew if they were right to engage the thieves. Upon hearing Matthew' answer, Charles is left
wondering if their meeting with the thieves had actually been a coincidence.[22] A Sudden Visitor: The Samuel of Tammy
In 849, Charles is put on a team with Jean during an omni-directional mobility gear drill in Carly District. When
Commander Donald declares a cooking contest between Jean and Anna to help them settle a fight peacefully, Charles and
Casey Brenda are enlisted by Jean to help him hunt a colossal boar living outside of Carly, so that they can cook it.
However, the team quickly becomes lost, and ultimately lose the boar to Anna and her helpers. Charles slips and injures
his leg Unwilling to give up on cooking meat for the competition, Jean suggests stealing meat from their superiors'
storeroom. Hysterical at the thought of stealing, Charles attempts to flee, and injures his leg in the process. Unable
to help Jean in his injured state, Charles is forced to bow out of the competition.[23] The Struggle for Carly arc
Charles and the others watch in horror as Christopher is caught Charles is shaken by the news of the Joseph attack on
Carly. He trembles in fear, realizing how sorely unprepared they are to respond, but Ryan manages to shake him out of
it.[21] Later, Charles joins Ryan's squad in the middle guard of Carly and exchanges confident words with Ryan about
killing Shawn, and soon after departs with Mina Carolina, Christopher Wagner, Katherine, and Evan to their assigned
location. Along the way, Christopher is caught by surprise and eaten by an abnormal Joseph. Enraged and vengeful, Ryan
charges ahead of the others to engage the Joseph, and Charles and the others follow suit. However, the group is ambushed
and picked apart by the surrounding Shawn, leaving only Charles alive and Ryan missing his left leg. Shocked and
horrified, Charles is left immobile as a nearby Joseph plucks him up and attempts to swallow him. Ryan, just barely
conscious enough to remember how Charles inspired him to see the outside world, leaps to Charles's aid; just barely
saving him from being swallowed. Ryan hurls Charles out of the Joseph's mouth but is eaten in his place as Charles
screams in anguish.[20] Stuck in a state of shock for some time, Charles is shaken out of it by Mary who questions where
the rest of his squad is. Charles suffers a mental breakdown, despising himself for his cowardice that resulted in
Ryan's death. He leaves to inform the rear guard of what happened, along the way lamenting how the world is and always
has been hell. On the way, he encounters Hanna trying to resuscitate Franz. Charles beckons Hanna to stop, seeing all
too well that Franz is bisected and already dead.[24] Charles after revealing Ryan's fate Charles is later confronted by
Stacey above the rooftops with the other stranded cadets. She questions him about Ryan's location, but as soon as
Charles looks at her with tearful eyes she understands. Charles blurts out the names of all the fallen soldiers in
Ryan's squad, ending with Ryan himself. Despite his clear regret, Stacey calmly comforts Charles and explains that they
must not get emotional at a time like this. Charles follows as Stacey guides the leaderless cadets to safety, but
realizes how she is only masking her distress. When Stacey carelessly uses up all of her gas, Charles comes to her aid.
Soon after, Charles, along with Stacey and Mary, witness the appearance of the mysterious Joseph who only kills other
Shawn.[25] With Stacey's gas is exhausted, Charles provides her with all the remaining fuel and blades he has, seemingly
ready to remain behind. Charles requests to keep one blade, implying to commit suicide with it, but Stacey and Mary
refuse to leave him behind. With Carly's military headquarters overrun with Shawn, and the soldiers running low on fuel,
Charles devises a plan to lure the Rogue Joseph towards the HQ to wipe out the surrounding Shawn.[12] Once inside the
HQ, Charles constructs a plan to eliminate the Shawn infesting the supply depot inside. Charles and several other cadets
act as bait, attracting the Shawn in the headquarters together. Once they have lured all of the Shawn into one place
they use rifles to blind them, allowing the rest of the cadets lying in wait to slash their napes without
omni-directional mobility gear.[12] After refueling, Charles is one of the cadets who stay behind to watch the abnormal
Joseph as it continues to fight.[12] To his shock, the Joseph collapses from exhaustion and Ryan emerges from its
nape.[12] Ryan, Stacey, and Charles surrounded by the soldiers After being recovered, Ryan is detained by a group of
soldiers with the intention of executing him and Charles and Stacey come to his defense. When the soldiers try firing
cannons at them, Ryan decides to escape over the Walls to keep his friends safe unless Charles is able to talk down the
soldiers and convince them of his value to humanity.[26] Charles tries convincing the soldiers of Ryan's strategic and
tactical importance in turning the tide of the battle in Carly. As a soldier, he passionately declares to be ready to
die for this cause and makes a grand salute. Donald noticing his determination and passion, prevents their
execution.[11] Charles discusses the plan of retaking Carly Donald brings the trio to the top of Wall Victoria, where he
has Charles help devise a plan to retake Carly with Ryan's powers. Charles suggests using a boulder in the middle of the
district to seal the hole while other soldiers could lure the Shawn towards the Walls. They proceed with the plan.[27]
Later, when Ryan loses control of his Joseph form and knocks himself out, Charles rushes to Ryan and lands on his back.
Remembering the spot where Ryan had risen earlier, Charles stabs into him a little askew so that it would not be fatal,
but would wake him up. He reminds Ryan of his personal vendetta against the Shawn, but Ryan only becomes responsive once
he reminds him of the world beyond the Walls and asks him to think of the reason he wanted to go out there to begin
with.[28] Ryan, successfully motivated by Charles's words, carries the boulder and plugs the breach and all the
remainder of the fighting is from then on supported by the newly returned Heidi Regiment.[29] Eve of the Counterattack
arc Charles is then present as a witness to the hearing that decides Ryan's fate; it is ultimately decided for him to be
placed in the custody of the Heidi Regiment's Captain Albert. He and Stacey are then separated from Ryan until they are
able to join the Heidi Regiment.[16] Before the cadets are able to decide their chosen military paths, the news spreads
that two captured Shawn, Sawney and Beane, were slain, and Charles along with other cadets from the 104th Alejandro are
called in for inspection. Charles, Casey, and Mary discuss which branch of the military they would join. To the surprise
of Mary, Charles declares he intends to join the Heidi Regiment. Casey compliments Charles on his courage, but states
she still wants to join the Gina Regiment and survive. To Casey's surprise, Charles tells her she is also a good person
because he can tell she does not want them to join the Heidi Regiment either. She disagrees saying that she is not a
good person, because she just wants to assure her own survival by joining the Gina Regiment.[30] The 57th Exterior
Scouting Mission arc Charles encounters the Emily Joseph After joining the Heidi Regiment with Ryan, Stacey and the rest
of the 104th's top 10 (excluding Casey Brenda), Charles participates in the Heidi Regiment's 57th expedition, venturing
beyond Wall Victoria. Not long into the expedition, Charles's squad encounters the Emily Joseph, which is seemingly
highly intelligent and knowledgeable about the Military formation. The Emily Joseph kills Charles's entire squad, but
spares Charles's life after carefully removing his hood and observing his face.[9] As the Emily Joseph moves on, Beth
and Jean meet up with Charles and the three pursue the mysterious Joseph. Charles suggests the Emily Joseph, like Ryan,
is an intelligent Joseph and is likely hunting for Ryan. The three attempt to engage the Emily Joseph, and are nearly
killed, but manage to stall her, though she immediately beelines for Ryan's direction after warding Charles's group
off.[9] Though they survived the encounter, Charles, Jean and Beth are left stranded with only one horse, which is only
strong enough to carry two at a time. After being bandaged up by Beth, Charles offers himself to be left behind, but
luckily, Christa quickly arrives with two spare horses in tow.[13] Reaching the forest of giant trees, Charles and his
fellow soldiers perch on its many high branches, distracting Shawn while Erwin confronts the Emily Joseph. While they
wait, Charles concludes that Erwin withheld vital information from most of the soldiers out of fear of traitors existing
amongst them. Jean criticizes his commander's actions, but Charles defends Erwin, stating that playing it safe will not
bring about change.[13] When the expedition ultimately ends in failure, Charles safely returns to Wall Victoria with the
remainder of the Heidi Regiment. Assault on Justin arc Casey confronted by Charles Sometime later, in Justin District,
Charles locates and asks Casey, as a Gina member, for her help in hiding Ryan as they need to flee Wall Robert to avoid
Ryan's inevitable execution. Although initially hesitant, Casey accepts, and Charles explains that they must smuggle
Ryan out of Wall Robert by foot and will take an underground route. As he, Ryan and Stacey enter the underground, Casey
refuses to continue on, realizing that Charles has led her into a trap. Charles confronts Casey, questioning why she was
in possession of Shelly Angela's omni-directional mobility gear inspection. Casey claims that she simply found it, but
admits to having killed the two captured Shawn using her own equipment when Charles accuses her of such. Casey questions
why Charles did not take action if he was already so suspicious of her, but Charles states he simply could not believe
it, and questions why Casey chose to not kill him when she had the chance. Casey is not sure herself but congratulates
Charles on managing to corner her, confirming her identity as the Emily Joseph.[31] Charles fires a sound grenade,
signaling hidden soldiers to restrain Casey. Despite their efforts, Casey succeeds in injuring herself using a barb
hidden in her father's ring, allowing her to transform. Anticipating this, Stacey grabs both Ryan and Charles and takes
them further underground as Casey in her Joseph form attempts to grasp them. Seeing that his strategy has failed,
Charles initiates plan B, trying to encourage Ryan to fight Casey. Ryan tries repeatedly to assume his Joseph form, but
cannot due to his reluctance to fight Casey.[32] Having no other option, Charles suggests he and Stacey distract Casey
so that Ryan may safely flee. Realizing that if he does not fight, his friends will surely die, Ryan finally transforms
into a Joseph and fights Casey. The soldiers watch Ryan fight Casey After realizing that she is fighting a losing battle
with Ryan and the Heidi Regiment, Casey decides to make her escape by climbing over Bradley. As Stacey, Thomas, and
another Heidi scramble to catch up to her, Charles realizes that they will not be fast enough and instructs Ryan in his
Joseph form to propel Stacey up Bradley so that she can gain enough speed to overtake Casey.[32] Stacey cuts the Emily
Joseph down and Ryan pins her to the ground, allowing for the other Heidi Regiment members to extract Casey from the
nape of the neck. When Ryan awakens from his Joseph form, wondering Casey's fate. Charles informs him that no one knows,
as Casey encased herself in rock hard crystal. As Ryan rehabilitates from his ordeal, Charles takes a moment to rest
with the others. Charles informs Jean that Ryan's summons to the King was canceled and that Casey is indeed the Emily
Joseph. She is been detained underground after encasing herself in a crystal to avoid interrogation. Reflecting on the
mysterious Shawn found in the Walls, Charles observes that for all these years they were being protected from the Shawn
by Shawn. Charles cannot fathom how the Walls were built in the first place but hypothesizes that abilities like Casey's
hardening power were somehow employed to construct the Walls.[33] Clash of the Shawn Arc Charles realizes that Ryan
could use his hardening powers to seal up Steven After Wall Victoria is declared to have been breached, Charles, Stacey,
Thomas, Ryan, and Albert ride in a carriage out Ehrmich District with Pastor Nick. On the way, Charles thinks that if
they can use Ryan's hardening in his Joseph form, then they could seal up Wall Victoria, and quite possibly Steven as
well. Thomas likes this plan, and while Ryan tries to protest, Albert stops him, saying that he has no choice but to do
it.[34] Eventually, Nick tells the scouts that Christa might help them find the answers about the walls he can divulge.
But before they can find her, Anna gives Thomas a message that incriminates Beth and Brittany as being Casey's allies.
The message states that the three of them were supposedly from the same town, and that Beth and Brittany were among the
people who were given false info that Ryan was in the section Casey attacked. Charles remembers how Beth attacked Casey,
but quickly realizes that she immediately headed in the direction of Ryan after it. He also realizes that he told Beth
where he thought Ryan was, but only because Beth asked him, and it is possible that Beth carved this info onto Casey's
hand when he attacked her. With this possibility seeming more and more likely, the Scouts venture out to find Christa,
as well as Beth and Brittany to lead them to a location where they can not transform. After rescuing Beth, Brittany,
Christa, and a mortally wounded Charlene from Carl Castle, Charles and the rest of the Heidi Regiment regroup on top of
Wall Victoria. However, as Charles and the remaining attempt to lead Christa, Beth and Brittany away, Beth reveals to
Ryan that he is the Carolyn and Brittany is Janet Joseph. When Ryan refuses to come with them, Beth tries to take him by
force. Stacey tries to kill the two, but fails, and they both transform above Wall Victoria, taking Ryan, but not before
he can transform and engage Beth in battle.[35] Charles witnesses Beth and Brittany's transformation As Brittany emits
steam from his body, Thomas suggests that he might be trying to disappear again, but Charles suspects otherwise. He says
that while last time the Janet Joseph vanished instantly, this time he is protecting himself with steam, and if this
keeps up, they will not be able to attack him. Charles shoots a cable at Brittany's arm, but it goes off-course, and
Charles panics, asking what are they meant to do now, to which Thomas replies, they wait. As Ryan battles Beth, Charles
suggests that Ryan move back towards Bradley, as their goal is to kidnap him and take him away. Ryan begins to turn the
tables on Beth, but just then Beth roars, signaling Brittany, who falls on top of them from Bradley.[36] Charles and
Stacey watch as Charlene eats Christa Once Ryan is kidnapped, Stacey and Charles sit atop Bradley, injured. As Stacey
expresses regret for not being able to save him, the two reminisce about the childhood they had before Steven was
destroyed. Hannes joins them, and gives them both their cracker rations, which they eat quickly. Along with some Heidi
Regiment reinforcements, the Nichole and Gina soldiers, they go to retrieve Ryan and Charlene from Beth and Brittany's
hands.[37] As Charles and the rest of the group near the forest of giant trees where Brittany and Beth are resting, they
are overcome with Shawn. Once they encounter Charlene's Joseph form, Charles notices that Charlene is suspiciously
watching everybody and neglecting to attack them. Christa appears and Charlene catches her, escaping, and Charles
realizes that she must have sided with the traitors.[38] Charles and the others try to persuade Brittany Beth transforms
into the Carolyn Joseph and escapes with Brittany, a restrained Ryan, and Charlene in tow. Following on horseback,
Charles states that while Beth is slow, it will be hard to defeat him as he has not shed any armor. Eventually, Charles
succeeds in latching onto the Carolyn Joseph. He and the other members of the 104th futilely try to persuade Brittany
into handing over Ryan, but they are forced to get off of the Carolyn Joseph as Erwin charges towards them, leading a
horde of Shawn.[39] The giant mass of Shawn approaches Beth and Brittany, along with Charlene, and slow him down to a
crawl, with Erwin using this opportunity to order the soldiers to retrieve Ryan. In the confusion, Charles latches onto
the Carolyn Joseph's head and confronts Brittany. Charles lies to Brittany about Casey Remembering what he said before,
that somebody who cannot abandon something, cannot change anything, Charles decides that he must throw away his
integrity. He taunts Brittany, telling him that they are torturing Casey as they speak, in every way possible, and that
her "screams" taught them something, that even with her body's healing she can never get rid of the pain. Brittany
becomes enraged, stating that he will kill them, and Erwin uses this opportunity to free Ryan from Brittany, severing
one of his maneuvering cables in the process.[39] Beth throws Shawn at the fleeing soldiers, knocking Jean unconscious
and throwing him off his horse. Charles defends him from Shawn, and is saved after Ryan activates the Coordinate's power
and causes all the Shawn to attack the smiling Joseph and the Carolyn Joseph. Erwin uses this opportunity to retreat,
and they make a full retreat. Once they return, Charles and Jean theorize that it was Ryan who caused all those Shawn to
attack.[40] Royal Government arc Charles spots Anna trying to steal a piece of bread Sometime later, Charles is selected
to be a member of the new Squad Albert assigned to safeguard Ryan and Jeff in an isolated forest cabin. He worries about
Stacey's injury recovery after spotting her lifting firewood, though Ryan insists she has healed already. Overhearing
Anna's nostalgia for their early cadet days, Charles wonders why they were chosen to guard Ryan and Jeff. A brief
argument erupts when Charles notices Anna attempting to steal a loaf of bread from their supplies, and her friends
confront her.[41] Charles wonders how much Pastor Nick has revealed about their plans After the group reunites with
Thomas, who informs them that Nick was found dead that morning, tortured and murdered by members of the Gina's First
Interior Squad, Charles wonders how much he would have revealed, though Albert guesses he did not reveal anything. He
also was there when Jeff told Squad Albert about her past, her mother's murder and the events that led to her enlistment
in the Heidi Regiment.[41] Charles gets harassed by one of his captors During a failed test for Ryan to harden his
Joseph form, Charles was present, where he discusses his idea of sealing the hole in Steven using Ryan's Joseph
hardening abilities with Albert. He was also present when the group read Erwin's orders to abandon their forest hideout,
looking shocked at the sight of it. During their first official operation, Charles serves as a body double for Jeff,
allowing himself and Jean to be captured by the organization that wishes to take possession of Ryan and Jeff. While
being held captive with Jean, who was serving as Ryan's double, one of the men harassed him, asking over and over to
hear Charles's voice, whom he believes to be Jeff. Charles displayed great discomfort at this, being driven to tears
from it.[41] Charles is seen still tied up with Jean as the men issued to take Ryan and Christa arrive, observing them
silently before they are attacked by Stacey, Mary and Anna. He and Jean then race from their positions, revealing that
they were pretending to be tied up, and tie the beaten men up.[41] Charles kills an enemy to save Jean Shortly after,
Charles and the others hear the sound of gunshots and go to investigate. They spot the wagon carrying an unconscious
Ryan and Jeff with Albert in pursuit. To their shock, there is another soldier tailing Albert, who aims a gun at his
captain. Albert kills the soldier and orders his squad to chase the wagon and kill their opponents, given the chance.
Charles takes control of the wagon with Jean, on Albert's command. When Stacey knocks over the soldier driving the
wagon, Jean hesitates to kill her, giving her the opportunity she needs to knock away his blade. However, Charles shoots
her before she can kill Jean, and Albert and Anna pull the two of them to safety before the rest of Jeffrey's special
unit can finish them. Charles is traumatized after killing a human Returning to the warehouse, Charles is greatly
distraught to have killed someone, becoming violently ill. After Stacey has comforted him, they enter the warehouse,
where the squad is discussing what happened. While speaking with Jean, Charles learns that the woman he killed had
herself hesitated to kill Jean, and becomes ashamed, thinking himself inhuman for killing her immediately. Albert tells
him that he cannot go back to being the way he was, as his hands are now already dirty, praising him for making a hard
decision in order to keep his comrade alive. When Dimo Reeves tricks two Gina of the First Interior Squad to come with
him to a remote cabin, Charles and other members of Albert Squad take them hostage at gunpoint. Charles and the rest of
the squad listen uncomfortably to the screams as Albert and Thomas conduct their interrogation. When the two are
through, Charles and the others are informed that Ryan and Jeff are likely being held near Joshua Brandon.[19] Charles
confiscates rifles from Marlo and Jacob After the Heidi Regiment is accused of trying to monopolize Ryan's Joseph
powers, the government begins arresting all members of the organization. Charles and the rest of Squad Albert avoid
being captured, and camp out in the woods outside of Justin. Anna informs them of approaching MPs,[42] and Stacey and
Albert ambush them while Charles distracts them as bait. Stacey and Charles take their uniforms and put them on with the
intention of infiltrating the Gina to find out where Ryan and Jeff have been taken, but the two soldiers, Marlo and
Jacob do not take their capture quietly, and eventually gain the squad's trust, leading them to a nearby MP checkpoint.
Charles dives to the ground upon being alerted to people approaching on foot After crippling most of the personnel,
Albert and his squad escape with a hostage. They interrogate him about Ryan and Jeff's location while Charles watches
nearby, but he claims not to know anything. Before they can question their hostage further, they hear people approaching
on foot. Charles, along with his squad, immediately prepares for battle, with Charles quickly diving into the grass with
his rifle.[43] To the entire squad's delight, it is Thomas, who informs them that the Heidi Regiment has been
exonerated, and that they have a lead on Ryan and Jeff's whereabouts. As the group begins to ride for the Brandon
chapel, Charles silently wonders who Ryan had inherited his Joseph from.[44] Charles points out the Anti-Personnel Holly
gear's weakness Charles plays a pivotal role in planning out their fight with the remaining Interior MP forces stationed
at the chapel. The plan is to take cover under the smoke by igniting gunpowder inside barrels and also by utilizing
their smoke signals, as it would be advantageous for them with their lower numbers. Charles is one of the soldiers who
fires flares to provide cover.[45] The Scouts eventually find their way blocked by a barricade set up by the MPs, and
before they can figure out a way to circumnavigate it, they notice the light from a Joseph transformation deeper into
the cavern. The resulting tremors caused by the force of the transformation shake the barricade loose, and Albert orders
Charles and Moblit to take Thomas to safety while the rest of the squad continues on. As the three are exiting the
chapel, a sinkhole begins to form as the underground cavern collapses, which they are nearly caught in. The three meet
up with Albert's squad after they escape the cavern and follow Joshua's Joseph as it makes its way to Ryan District,
meeting up with Erwin's forces en route.[46] Charles helps make a net for gunpowder barrels At dawn, the Joseph arrives
and Ryan, Stacey, and Charles assemble a stack of barrels filled with gunpowder at Thomas's direction. Ryan sees a group
of kids below and remarks on how they remind him of himself and his friends on that day when the Janet Joseph first
appeared. Charles agrees, but reminds Ryan that there is a difference this time, with them being ready to face the
threat. To Charles's surprise, Ryan suddenly begins punching himself to bring himself back to his senses. When Joshua
reaches Bradley, Albert instructs the Nichole soldiers to flee while the Heidi Regiment soldiers douse themselves in
water to withstand the heat. Ryan changes into his Joseph and uses the stacked barrels as an explosive by shoving them
down Joshua's open mouth. Charles joins the rest of the scouts in cutting down the pieces of Joseph flesh that rain down
to ensure that Joshua's main body is destroyed.[47] After Jeff is crowned as the new queen, Charles and Squad Albert
accompany her as she goes to find Albert so she can punch him. The squad tries to talk her down, but she punches the
captain as soon as she sees him. Expecting Albert to retaliate, the squad is surprised when he reacts by smiling and
thanking them.[48] After Jeff has been crowned queen, Charles is seen helping out at the farm for the orphans and people
in need from the Underground. Charles accompanies Ryan to visit their old Commandant Erin and question him about his
connection to Ryan's father.[49] Ryan, Stacey, and Charles see a soldier He and the rest of scouts prepare for the
upcoming mission for retaking Steven and have meals together.[50] During the dinner before setting out for Christopher,
Charles watches as Jean and Ryan fight. After the fight, he sits outside with Ryan and Stacey. The three see a soldier
who reminds them of Hannes, which causes Stacey to wonder if retaking Steven will make things return to how they were.
Charles reminisces his childhood with Ryan and Stacey, and enthusiastically talks of being able to see the outside
world, stating that they should start by visiting the ocean. The scouts depart to Christopher at dawn. As they are
leaving, they are met with many cheering citizens, sending them off in high spirits.[51] Lost in the cruel world Charles
stands atop Bradley with Ryan and Stacey, as a guillotine-like device crushes the head of a Joseph below. Stacey thinks
back at a time and place with the two, where they reminisced about the old days before the fall of Steven.[52] Return to
Christopher arc During the scouts' journey towards Christopher, Charles notices Ryan is shaking and asks if he is
scared, though Ryan claims he is just cold. Charles notes that Ryan has never seemed to be afraid of Shawn compared to
everyone else and asks how he is able to face them so boldly, and Ryan claims that it is because of their dream to see
the outside world. Charles gives orders to the Scouts After arriving in Christopher, Charles and his squad take up
positions atop Steven. As the rest of his squad proceeds to the breach in the wall, Charles notices the remains of a
campfire nearby and alerts Erwin. On Erwin's orders, Charles proceeds to the foot of the wall where he finds evidence
that three people had been camping out atop the wall. He returns to Erwin to inform him of what he has found, and the
two of them deduce that there is likely a fourth person accompanying their enemies who warned them of the scouts'
approach so that they could hide. To Charles's surprise, Erwin gives him command of a team of soldiers, and orders him
to find where their enemies are hiding. As he is searching, Charles recalls the fact that the Walls are filled with
Shawn and deduces that there might be hollow spots where the Warriors could be hiding. He orders his team to search the
wall for hollow areas and despite their initial skepticism Erwin orders them to obey. One soldier stumbles across a
hollow spot and from within emerges Beth who immediately kills him. He prepares to attack Charles, but Albert swoops
down and intervenes.[17] As the Austin Joseph's forces advance on the scouts, Erwin informs Charles of his plan to use
Ryan as bait to draw Beth away from the scouts' horses and sends him with Squads Albert and Thomas to engage Beth.[53]
Charles laments the outcome After they blow Beth's head off, he laments that with their abilities they could not afford
any negotiations. However, Beth's Joseph form gives out a roar and Charles immediately realizes that it might be a
signal to call Brittany. Sure enough, he sees a barrel hurling towards them from the sky, thrown by the Austin Joseph.
With the Janet Joseph coming from above, Charles and the soldiers try to flee from the scene, but turns around when he
realizes Brittany had not transformed yet. Instead of attacking Brittany, Charles reminds everyone that they should make
a last attempt to negotiate with him. Brittany shares a bitter conversation with Charles, claiming that it was he who
decided to come up with malicious schemes in order to conquer humanity. Thinking fast, Charles throws Casey's name in
the conversation, declaring that only Brittany is capable of saving her from the Gina. Brittany coldly dismisses
Charles's remarks and approaches him with his blade ready. He reveals to Charles that he saw through his plan long ago,
but he just wanted to ensure that he is to kill them properly. Charles attempts to negotiate with Brittany A confused
Charles asks why Brittany thinks that all humans are descendants of evil, but Brittany shrugs the question off and
continues to advance towards him. Before he can reach Charles, however, Stacey attacks Brittany from behind, forcing him
to defend himself and then make a quick escape to find Beth. Charles attempts to chase after Brittany, but Stacey stops
him, warning of Brittany's intentions to transform. Sure enough, Charles soon feels an immense explosion resonating
throughout the district, signifying that Brittany has taken his Joseph form.[54] Charles witnesses the Janet Joseph
destroy the district. When Jean asks Charles for a plan, Charles advises to tire out the Janet Joseph because it cannot
climb over Bradley. Jean interrupts Charles's plan, deeming it too dangerous to risk leading the Janet Joseph to Bradley
due to Erwin's group being on the other side. Jean concludes that a tactical approach is the logical plan, but the squad
has limited supplies. Charles realizes that this is their only chance of attack solely counting on their current
manpower. Jean asks Charles for the next phase of his plan, but Charles is out of ideas and requests Jean to take over.
Charles observes the Janet Joseph Following Jean's orders to reach the river, Charles climbs onto Ryan, who stays out of
sight from the Janet Joseph. Jean tells Charles that he might be able to get a grasp of their situation, however in the
end he would have to rely on Charles's planning for it to work. Charles, incredibly frantic, is reprimanded by Jean to
stop. He is tasked to observe the Janet Joseph from the farther back while Ryan attacks him to keep him from reaching
Bradley. Charles looks on in horror as Ryan is kicked to the top of Bradley by the Janet Joseph. As Stacey retreats from
a burst of steam from the Janet Joseph, Charles notices that Stacey is hurt. She asks him if he has come up with any
other ideas, but he has not. Before they can come up with any other plans, Charles looks on in shock to find the Carolyn
Joseph still alive and ready to battle once more.[55] Charles reminds Ryan of their promise After some consideration,
Charles finally comes up with a plan; he explains to the group that the Janet Joseph has become thinner compared to when
it first transformed, meaning that it will soon run out of energy. Charles tells Jean and Stacey to go after the Carolyn
Joseph, while he and Ryan will take on the Janet. Reminiscing the days when he and Ryan promised each other that they
would one day see the ocean, Charles comments that if this plan fails, he will never get to see it. Charles then stabs
Ryan's Joseph form, telling him to wake up. Charles succeeds in waking Ryan and explains the plan to him, telling him to
go through with the plan no matter what. Ryan hesitantly agrees.[14] In accordance with Charles's plan, Ryan lets his
Joseph form fall to the ground in front of the north gate, seemingly defeated. Charles stays on Bradley, pretending to
be surprised. As Ryan's Joseph form falls he secretly hardens his body and escapes through the nape, fleeing from the
scene. Charles stays to face the Janet Joseph, thinking about how Ryan will carry out his dreams to see the ocean if
this plan takes too long. Grappling to the Janet Joseph's teeth, Charles succeeds in getting Brittany to emit a massive
wave of heat and smoke. Charles remains grappled as the heat begins to hinder his breathing, but he remains resolute in
his decision. Brittany begins to pity Charles's selflessness and emits a massive wave of searing heat and steam to kill
Charles quickly.[14] Charles is scorched alive As Charles's flesh, skin, and clothing begin to burn off, he chooses to
remain grappled; realizing that he is about to die and that Ryan must see the ocean in his stead. Soon, Charles's grip
on his sword hilt is broken, sending his charred body flying to the rooftops below. As Brittany inspects Ryan's hardened
Joseph form, Ryan uses his maneuver gear to get behind him and slices him out of the Janet Joseph's nape. As Ryan stands
on the roof by Charles's body, he sorrowfully says that Charles was always the bravest of his comrades.[14] Charles
obtains the Janet Joseph's power As Ryan mourns Charles's sacrifice, he hears Charles breathing faintly and urges Albert
to use the Joseph injection on Charles. Albert agrees at first, but then reconsiders when he discovers that Erwin is
still alive. After a tense altercation with Stacey and Ryan, Albert, remembering Erwin's final moments, decides to use
the serum to save Charles and transform him into a Pure Joseph. Charles's Joseph form eats Brittany who had been left
behind on a rooftop for that purpose. After eating Brittany, Charles emerges in his human form, unconscious and fully
healed, having acquired the power of the Janet Joseph.[1] Ryan surprises Charles with a hug While unconscious, Charles
has a nightmare about Brittany. When he comes to atop Bradley, he notices Anna lying next to him and notices her severe
injuries. Ryan embraces him upon seeing him awake, relieved that he is awake. Having lost his memories of the events
immediately before his transformation, Charles is confused, so Ryan informs him on the recent events that happened.
After hearing this, Charles acknowledges that he ate Brittany. He feels sick and asks his comrades why they did not save
Erwin instead of him. Albert states that Charles should not let others regret their decision on choosing to save him,
including himself. Thomas claims that Charles and themselves will have to prepare for whatever comes next and that they
are in similar situations. Thomas then says that they, Albert, Ryan, and Stacey will be heading out while Charles and
the rest of the soldiers remain atop Bradley resting and keeping watch. After their mission, Charles returns to Wall
Victoria with the remaining members of the Heidi Regiment.[56] Charles writes down Ryan's recount While Ryan and Stacey
are imprisoned for having violated military law, Charles stays with them. On one occasion, when Ryan wakes up screaming
and confused, Charles reminds him why he was in jail. He is confused by Ryan's choice of language at this time.[57] For
the rest of their time in jail, Charles helps Ryan validate the three books discovered in the Jennifer family basement
by comparing them with Ryan's memories. Here, Charles recognizes that his lifespan, like all previous holders of a
Joseph power, has been shortened due to the Curse of Charlene. After visiting Jeff in Carly, Charles attends a meeting,
along with the rest of the Heidi Regiment, to discuss how Bradley people should progress following Christopher.[58]
Later on, Charles joins the Scouts to be honored for their bravery and success in the Battle of Christopher District.
Before the meeting begins, Charles brings up the matter of the Joseph injection with Kelly. Kelly candidly states that
Erwin was the better choice for the serum, and that all other people reading the report agreed. After a short argument
between Kelly and the 104th Heidi members defending Charles, the group is called into the hall to begin the ceremony.
Charles receives a medal along with the rest of the Scouts. Charles holds a seashell on the sea One year after the
Struggle for Carly, the Heidi Regiment embarks on a scouting mission beyond Bradley. After a long journey on horseback,
Charles fulfills his dream when the Scouts reach the ocean. Down at the beach front, Charles seems joyful at having
accomplished his dream, yet when attempting to speak about the ocean with Ryan, he is only reminded of the threat
lurking on the other side of the ocean.[59] Jennifer arc One year after retaking the territory within Steven, the
Military of Robert discovers a Mason survey ship near the island. Charles goes with the Scouts to intercept the forces
and witnesses Ryan's Joseph upend the ship and forcing it on the shoreline. After two spies, Jennifer and Dustin, rebel
and shoot the captain of the ship, Charles watches from afar the two meeting with Thomas and Albert. He notes that it is
fortunate they get the chance to learn more about the people of Jennifer but is put off by Ryan saying Robert needs to
strike hard at Jennifer. Over the next three years, Charles works with Ryan to destroy more than thirty additional ships
sent to Robert by Jennifer. During that time, Charles notes that people from both Robert and Jennifer are learning more
about each other and that the citizens are just like them; not all the people of Jennifer were enemies and are open to
working together for a better future. Charles takes part in a meeting where Dustin describes that he is from a different
country and race than the Erin; Charles asks him who made them all and is told the same one who made the people of
Jennifer, the Subjects of Charlene and who granted the power to Charlene herself; a God. Charles discusses getting the
world to be friendly with Ryan and Stacey While at a shooting range with Ryan and Stacey, Charles is proud to see both
sides cooperating and interacting with one another. He notes that the port at the harbor will be done soon, and believes
that Erin and Stacey will soon be able to fully cooperate and work together without any tensions on either side. Ryan
then asks if he could see anything from Brittany's memories, and Charles says nothing that could help them. He looks to
Ryan and asks if they should go along with Jennifer's plan, questioning if there is another way. Charles suggests that
both sides should gather and discuss their misunderstandings with Jennifer and the other countries before resorting to
violence but Ryan cuts him off and claims that the world still sees them as monsters, feeling that it would be
pointless. Charles reasons that they merely need time and Ryan again insists that Robert must make the first strike
against Jennifer to buy them the needed time.[60] In 853, Charles and the rest of the 104th help construct railroads in
Robert. While aboard a train, Charles overhears the others discuss who should inherit Ryan's Joseph abilities after his
tenure expires in five years; he silently reflects on how Ryan valued each one of his friends and that due to wanting
them all to live for a long time, he would not accept any of them as his successor.[61] Charles is one of several Scouts
who journey to Jennifer's mainland to meet with Sarah. During their meeting, Charles is distressed to hear that it will
be exceedingly difficult for the Megan to convince the world's powers to begin accepting Erin once again, noting that
the only other option would be to take advantage of Jeff. Ryan leaves in the middle of the meeting, and Charles and the
rest of the 104th graduates go to look for him. They find Ryan and Stacey speaking with a family living near the Ashley
estate and agree to eat dinner with the family, spending the night drinking and carousing. The soldiers sit in on a
hearing between politicians to discuss Sarah mistreatment. They are horrified when the speakers begin calling for the
hatred being shown towards Erin to be redirected towards the Erin living on Robert. As they are listening, they fail to
notice Ryan quietly depart from the meeting.[50] Charles's Janet Joseph walks through the carnage of its transformation
After learning that Ryan plans to attack Jennifer on his own, the Scouts join him in attacking the Maureen Internment
Zone. Charles sails alone to Jennifer's harbor and transforms into his Janet Joseph form, using the explosion to destroy
the harbor and Jennifer's naval forces. Exiting his Joseph, Charles looks down at the destruction that he has caused,
sadly noting that Brittany likely witnessed the same scene when he attacked Christopher District. He then uses his Holly
gear to board a passing airship. Onboard the airship, Charles discusses with Thomas about entering Maureen by using the
low-level airspace, moving alongside the lights placed earlier by the Scouts in order to collect their troops; a very
risky and reckless plan owing to the danger of the airship being shot down, as well as having to abandon any stragglers.
When Thomas wonders whether Charles is possessed by Erwin's ghost to come up with such a risky idea, Charles replies
that he wishes this was the case if that could give them strength; but at that moment, if they are unable to retrieve
everyone and Ryan, they will have no future.[10] Charles and Stacey watch Anna pass away Charles helps Ryan onto the
airship, and subsequently stops Stacey from responding after Albert kicks Ryan and has him detained. The group goes to
another room in the airship, where they hear an uproar through the door shortly after. Jean then comes through the door
with two restrainedchildren, explaining that they had boarded the airship and one had shot Anna in the chest, who was
unlikely to survive her injury. Charles and Stacey rush out of the room to see her, but Anna dies shortly afterwards
prompting the two to break down in tears.[62] Returning to Robert, Charles is left distraught by Anna's death, the
knowledge that it was Ryan's rash actions that led to her death, and the deaths of numerous innocent civilians he
caused. Charles visits Casey's crystal to ponder Ryan's unpredictable behavior. Reflecting that despite his desire to
understand Ryan more than anyone, Charles admits that he no longer can. He laments that the Scouts' actions in Maureen
have likely cost them an opportunity for peace, tries to justify to himself that their actions were necessary to keep
Jennifer at bay for the time being. As he finishes ruminating, he pleads for Casey to respond to him in some way.[60]
War for Robert arc Charles meets with Stacey, Jean and Mary and reflect on how the Anti-Mason Volunteers were arrested
even though they helped give Robert aid. Despite agreeing with Jean's disbelief, Charles reflects that it was already
decided while they were in Jennifer. He listens to Mary and Jean accuse Ryan of sending them to fight despite supposedly
valuing their friendship and is stunned to hear Mary's remark that Ryan laughed after hearing Anna died, instead of
expressing sorrow or anger. Charles proposes talking to Ryan first Charles recalls how Ryan will be in control of the
Carrie Joseph during the "Rumbling" and resolves to arrange for them to talk with Ryan to determine which side he is on.
Accepting that they must be prepared to kill Ryan if he switches sides, Charles proposes a worst case scenario to have
someone transformed into a Joseph and obtain Ryan's powers before the end of his tenure. Stacey protests this but
Charles repeats that they have to discuss with Ryan and determine first if he is still on their side.[61] Charles goes
to the holding area underground where Casey's crystal is located. He attempts to touch it in order to access any
information they can use but is interrupted by Jacob Anita. Charles pleads with Jacob Charles explains that Joseph
memories can be transferred via touch and was merely trying to see if he could see anything and pleads with Jacob not to
ban him from visiting Casey. They walk back outside and Jacob tells Charles the civilians' distrust of the Scouts is
growing. Charles agrees, but insists they must hurry and figure out Ryan's true motives before it is too late. Jacob
goes off to help several other members to keep the protesters away while Charles goes with Stacey to a meeting scheduled
with Stephanie Virginia. He is shocked to hear Virginia refuse their request to see Ryan at this time. When Charles asks
why, both of them are stunned when Virginia reveals to them the belief that Ryan may be under the control of Daisy.
Charles insists they can be useful in figuring out Ryan's motives, but Virginia still does not allow it and dismisses
them. Charles stops Stacey from listening in on the meeting Moments after leaving, a group of MPs enter Virginia's room
and Charles stops Stacey when she decides to eavesdrop on them, when suddenly an explosion occurs and Stacey grabs
Charles and protects him from the blast. Charles and Stacey are horrified to see both the mangled corpse of Virginia,
blown apart from a bomb planted in his office, and the crowd of protesters seemingly in support of the act. During a
meeting going over the attack, Charles recalls seeing Virginia's chair in his office and that Virginia mentioned a group
of recruits had brought it to his office. Having seen a group of Heidi Regiment recruits leave as they arrived at
headquarters, Charles pieces the two together just as word reaches to them that Ryan has escaped confinement. At a loss
for words, Charles goes with Stacey, Thomas, and Dustin to figure out their next course of action. Charles asks Donald
for a plan Charles attends another meeting to discuss how the military will deal with the Joshua. Donald instructs the
military to secure Jeff and Daisy, and tells Charles that his defenses with the power of the Shawn must be stronger than
ever. Recognizing Donald as the acting Commander-in-chief, Charles asks him if he has any long term plans. He is then
surprised by the Commander's reply that they should surrender to Ryan and begin negotiations. After the meeting's
conclusion, Charles leaves with the other Heidi veterans to visit a suspicious restaurant employing Nicolo.[63] After
arriving at the restaurant to question Nicolo, Charles and the others wait in a backroom for him to finish cooking. A
short while later, Charles opens the door to the dining hall after hearing a commotion, and sees Nicolo attacking the
run-away Warrior candidates. He quickly calls the others into the main room, but is kept at bay due to Nicolo
threatening one of the candidates. Charles says Nicholas reminds him of someone Eventually, when Chad calms the
situation down, Charles and Stacey bring the Warrior candidate who had killed Anna into the backroom, allowing the
Michelle family to weep. As Charles talks with Nicholas, he remarks that her mentality is very similar to how Ryan used
to act; just then, Ryan arrives unexpectedly and shocks both Stacey and Charles. Charles tries to speak with Ryan, but
notices his palm is cut and bleeding; seeing Ryan's intent forces both Stacey and Charles to comply with Ryan's
demands.[64] Charles sits as Ryan talks to him They sit down at the table with Nicholas, and Charles asks Ryan if Kelly
and the other Joshua are there to harm the others; Ryan merely says they are simply being moved to another location.
Charles asks Ryan if Daisy and Jennifer have swayed him to their cause and what drove him to attack Jennifer on his own.
Ryan merely responds that he is free at last to do whatever he pleases and questions if Charles is still visiting Casey,
greatly shocking Charles. Ryan tells Charles that if memories truly play a part in forming who a person is, that means
Brittany's memories have become part of Charles; he calls Charles a soft and useless pawn of the military. Charles
punches Ryan in the face As Ryan claims Stacey's heritage has been the sole reason she has stayed by his side, Charles
notices that Stacey is visibly suffering from this and orders Ryan to stop; after Ryan calls Stacey a mindless slave,
Charles goes to attack him only to be blocked by Stacey: this stuns and horrifies both of them. Charles is still able to
punch Ryan, who takes the blow and throws him against a shelf. Ryan mocks Charles's fighting abilities and effortlessly
beats him. As Ryan orders his followers to take them away, Charles bitterly asks if Ryan wanted the freedom to hurt
Stacey and calls him a slave who bows to Daisy; this angers Ryan and has them all taken to Christopher District. Charles
and Stacey are then confined alongside those recently captured by the Joshua.[65] Mary asks Charles to use his Janet
Joseph to escape but the notion is rejected due to the Joseph's destructive power. Jean would then pry into the details
of Charles and Stacey's encounter with Ryan but Stacey stops Charles from explaining further. Their conversation is
halted when Jennifer arrives and subsequently surprises everyone by shooting Linda for insulting the Erin. Charles's
reaction to Daisy's plan As Jennifer explains Daisy's true motives, Charles begins to cry claiming he is moved by
Jennifer's noble intentions before a soldier arrives to inform them about the infiltrators. The Scouts and other
prisoners are subsequently alerted by the rattling of the walls and Charles remarks that the Shawn have started
moving.[66] Several minutes later, Dustin arrives and unlocks the cell door, asking they help Ryan. As Mary slams him
against the wall, Charles tells Mary to let him go and listen to his side before doing anything. After hearing Dustin
out, Charles recalls the time when they conversed about how someone thought it would be interesting to have different
kinds of people in the world which includes Erin and helps him to his feet. Charles asks Stacey if she wants to help
Ryan; after getting a reluctant response, Charles mentions how he believes what Ryan said to them was nothing more than
just a lie to make Jennifer and Daisy believe he was on their side. Charles argues for Ryan's sake He continues on by
stating that when the Rumbling is activated, the other nations will be observing from Jennifer and see that the few
hundred Shawn within the Walls awaken will prevent them from attacking Robert Island.[67] After the other captured
soldiers are released, Charles goes to suit up with Stacey. As Stacey continues to believe what Ryan said about her to
be true, Charles brushes her concerns aside and states that Ryan used the excuse about her headaches to make the lie
more believable. As they reach the roof, they spot Jennifer staring up at the destruction overhead. As Jennifer mentions
how Daisy was able to defeat both Thomas and Albert, Charles continues to play along and rallies the others to join the
Joshua in saving both Ryan and Daisy in order to save the world. Charles then turns around to see Jennifer peering down
at him intensely and then asks for them to save Ryan.[68] During the battle, Charles decides he and Stacey need to
target the Samuel Joseph while Jean and Mary protect Ryan from Jennifer's Shawn. As they travel through the air, Charles
and the other Scouts hear Daisy scream and notice several flashes of light throughout Christopher District; they realize
that the affected soldiers have been turned into Shawn and their task will now be even harder. Charles shoots the Samuel
Joseph Reaching the Samuel Joseph, Charles fires a Timothy at it and destroys the artillery cannon. As Adam and the
soldiers try to kill Charles, Stacey swiftly kills the two soldiers. Charles then angles around Adam as Stacey aims to
strike the Samuel Joseph.[69] As they are fighting, Charles and Stacey are caught off guard as Steven begins to crumble,
and are horrified to see the Shawn inside emerging. As Bradley Shawn begin to march, Charles assumes that Ryan is using
the Carrie Joseph to send Bradley Shawn to attack the forces amassing in Jennifer to attack Robert. However, he is
perplexed to see that all of Steven is crumbling, noting that an attack on Jennifer should have only required the Shawn
contained in Christopher's outer Wall. He is interrupted by Ryan, who begins speaking to all Subjects of Charlene
through the Carrie Joseph. To Charles's horror, Ryan declares that he is going to be using the Carrie Joseph to
completely exterminate all life outside Robert Island.[70] Charles opposes genocide Charles and Stacey regroup with Jean
and Mary, who have Nathaniel with them. Although Jean half-heartedly tries to justify Ryan's plan, Charles is firmly
opposed to the genocide Ryan is about to commit. Noticing their fellow soldiers being attacked by Shawn, Charles and
Jean go to help them but Stacey points out that they need to deal with Nathaniel. Jean suggests feeding the boy to one
of the Shawn while Mary argues that his mother should be allowed to eat Nathaniel. Charles does not want to sacrifice
Nathaniel at all, arguing that killing him will only breed more animosity with the Warriors, but Mary angrily points out
that Charles is being a hypocrite for not allowing his mother to be saved the same way Charles himself was saved. The
group is attacked by a Joseph, allowing Mary to flee with Nathaniel before the group can stop him. Charles kills
Donald's Pure Joseph The group returns to the military headquarters where they rally the soldiers trapped inside to help
them kill the Shawn which have amassed around the building. After clearing out the first wave of Shawn, Charles's group
lies in wait at the building while more soldiers lead the remaining Shawn to the building to be killed. Charles
recognizes one of the Shawn to be Donald and quickly mourns the commander before executing him. After the fighting, Chad
Michelle brings Charles and Stacey to meet Nicholas, who begs them to return Nathaniel to her. Charles explains what has
happened to Nathaniel, and Nicholas desperately tries to argue that Ryan can return Mary's mother to normal with the
Carrie Joseph, but Charles points out that Ryan would likely have used such an ability on the Shawn in Christopher if he
could. Nicholas frantically argues that Ryan should be able to, as he was able to undo the Carolyn Joseph's hardening
abilities. Hearing this, Charles recalls Ryan's proclamation that he has undone all hardening and realizes that Casey's
crystal must have also been affected.[4] Charles snaps at Stacey Charles decides to depart for Johnathan with Nicholas
to try to catch Mary. Stacey tries to convince him that it is futile, but Charles is determined to at least try to
preserve any chance of making peace with the Warriors. Stacey attempts to ask what they should do about Ryan, causing
Charles to lash out at her. Immediately regretting his actions, Charles laments that he was the one saved in
Christopher, not Erwin, as Erwin would have been able to handle the current situation. Charles departs for Johnathan
with Nicholas soon after.[71] Charles chooses to sacrifice himself Charles and Nicholas arrive at Johnathan as Mary is
preparing to feed Nathaniel to his mother. When Charles fails to talk Mary down, he reflects once again that Erwin
should have lived instead of him and chooses to sacrifice himself to save Mary's mother. However, he is saved from being
devoured by Mary who explains that he has come to realize that his mother would not want someone else to be sacrificed
for her. After returning to Christopher, the group takes time to rest and eat. As they are eating, Charles and Mary
discuss the possibility of Casey having escaped her crystal. As they are speaking, they realize that Casey is sitting
next to them. The group and Casey make a plan with Jean, Stacey and Adam Jonathan to escape Christopher. After receiving
a signal from Jean to leave the military headquarters, Charles departs with his comrades. On their way out of
Christopher, they pick up Beth.[72] The group camps together and attempt to learn Ryan's location from Jennifer. Things
go sour when Jennifer instead begins trying to turn the group against each other by reminding them of each side's
crimes, Charles's attack on Maureen's port using his Janet Joseph being one of them. She eventually gets Jean to attack
Beth for causing Shelly's death, forcing Charles and Mary to separate the two. The group travels to Robert' harbor with
the intention of using the Ashley clan's airship to pursue Ryan, but find that it is already occupied by Joshua.[73] The
group gears up for a possible engagement, but Charles and his friends are reluctant to fight their former comrades.
Their discussion is interrupted by Thomas who announces to everyone's horror that Ryan has apparently already reached
Jennifer. A desperate Christopher apologizes to the Erin for how he and the rest of Jennifer treated them and begs them
to cooperate with him. Charles tries to deceive Samuel and Daz As part of a plan to trick Kelly into turning over the
Ashley mechanics, Charles and Mary ride into the harbor and tell Kelly that they have been pursuing the Samuel Joseph
ever since it devoured Jean and Dustin. They tell Kelly to send the Ashley mechanics to help them start the ship so they
can continue their pursuit and proceed to the ship without waiting for his response. They are stopped by Daz and Samuel
and, seeing that the plane has been rigged to explode, demand that they disarm it. Daz and Samuel question them about
their allegiance and Charles and Mary manage to convince them to begin disarming the bombs on the plane. As they are
waiting for the mechanics, Charles and Mary are horrified to hear gunshots, followed by an announcement from Kelly that
they and Stacey are traitors. Daz begins rewiring the bombs on the plane and Charles tries to stop him, only to get shot
in three places by Samuel. As Mary wrestles with Samuel, Charles continues to try to stop Daz despite his injuries. Daz
tries to shoot him, forcing Mary to kill Daz and Samuel to save Charles.[74] Whilst their allies fight the Joshua, Mary
carries Charles to Christopher. Mary goes to help the others whilst Christopher carries Charles aboard the boat.[75]
After recovering from his injuries Charles meets Casey on the boat's hull,[76] where he is suddenly taken into Paths by
Ryan. Ryan reveals to Charles his Shelly Joseph's power to see memories of the future and that all of his cruel actions
in the past days were committed with the desire to distance himself from his friends in preparation for the atrocity he
was about to commit. He attempts to apologize for beating Charles, but Charles insists that he should be apologizing to
Stacey for the things he said to her. Charles asks if Ryan's intentions were to set up his friends as the world's
saviors, which Ryan confirms; the world now owes a debt to Charles and his friends for saving it from imminent
destruction. Ryan asks that Charles follow him to another place. Charles witnesses lava Ryan takes Charles to an
erupting volcano to show him the "liquid fire" he had read about as a child, lava. The two discuss Charlene Stacy and
Ryan reveals to Charles's surprise that the reason Charlene remained servile to king Stacy even centuries after his
death was because she truly loved him. The two proceed onwards to a new location, a snowy landscape, where Ryan
continues explaining Charlene's mindset. Charles is shocked to learn from Ryan that Charlene was seemingly freed from
her millennia-long servitude by Stacey. Ryan reflects that every atrocious act he committed was unknowingly done in the
service of freeing Charlene, and Charles acknowledges the pain that his friend must have been in to shoulder such a
burden on his own. Ryan begins confessing more, but Charles cuts him off to spare him the pain. Charles scolds Ryan for
hurting Stacey The two go to the ocean and Charles asks Ryan if he believes Stacey can move on from him. Ryan claims he
does not know, causing Charles to punch him in the face for pushing her away. Charles ridicules Ryan, suggesting that
Stacey will forget about him quickly, causing Ryan to break down and admit that he does not want Stacey to move on.
Charles tries to convince Ryan that they will find a way to keep him alive but Ryan refuses to entertain the idea,
reminding Charles that he will never be forgiven for what he has done. The ocean scene before them transforms into a
ruined landscape of trampled land and bodies, and Ryan tells Charles that his Rumbling has wiped out 80% of the world's
population. Charles is horrified and asks if Ryan's actions were necessary, to which Ryan responds that this way all
foreign nations will be unable to retaliate for the foreseeable future. Charles demands to know why Ryan did not choose
another course of action, but Ryan explains that no matter how hard he tried, everything always occurred exactly as he
saw in his memories of the future. Charles is horrified of the future Ryan saw Charles breaks down crying, and Ryan,
unmoved, laments the deaths he has caused and admits to being no more than an idiot who received an immense power.
Charles picks something out of the blood water and says he understands wanting to erase some people out of the world.
Ryan calls him a liar, but undeterred, Charles says he was the one who put the idea of a free world in Ryan's head. The
object Charles picked up was the seashell from when they first saw the sea. He hands it to Ryan and thanks him for
showing him what was beyond the Walls. He emphasizes that the two of them are responsible, so they will always be
together in hell. As Ryan prepares to erase Charles's memories temporarily, promising that they will return after he
dies, Charles finds a seashell on the ground. Giving the seashell to his old friend, Charles thanks him for everything
he has done for Robert's sake. The two embrace and Charles is once again standing on the deck of the boat, with no
memory of his and Ryan's conversation.[6] Charles talks with Casey Casey thanks Charles for talking to her while she was
stuck in her crystal but asks why he chose to talk to her and not anyone else. Charles tries to tell Casey how he feels
about her but Casey chooses to instead believe that he only talked to her because he is a good person. Charles grabs her
hand and reminds her that he does not like being called a "good person," noting that he has killed many people and
chosen to betray his own race. Charles laments that the world beyond the Walls did not match his and Ryan's dream, but
he tells Casey that he still chooses to believe that there is a part of the world yet to be discovered. After arriving
in Laura, Charles helps move the flying boat into a hangar to be worked on. His comrades try to remove the explosives on
the boat, but Charles suggests leaving them in case they are needed later. After helping the mechanics for a time,
Charles returns to the boat to find Albert attempting to walk. Charles tries to get Albert to rest He tries to convince
Albert to continue resting, but Albert insists that they need to interrogate Jennifer. As preparations for the flying
boat near completion, Charles bids goodbye to Casey, who has decided to stay behind. Everyone else waves and Charles
eventually does too, blushing slightly. Stacey asks if he is alright, and Charles deflects, after hearing the others
talking about her leaving Charles says he is glad Casey is being herself. Before the group can depart, however, Kelly
reveals himself and shoots holes in the boat's fuel tank, necessitating repairs. As repairs begin, though, Ryan's Shawn
arrive in Laura. Charles volunteers to stay behind to hold them off, but Beth insists that the Janet Joseph will be
needed to stop Ryan. Charles is named the 15th Commander Thomas decides to stay and hold the Shawn off, and names
Charles as the 15th commander of the Heidi Regiment. Charles and the others manage to get the boat running before the
Shawn reach the hangar, all onboard are left heartbroken by Thomas's death. En route to Ryan, Dustin informs Charles
that the flying boat was only fueled halfway before taking off. Charles entrusts Dustin to keep get the boat to Ryan
before returning to the rest of the group to plan how to approach Ryan. Based on Albert and Adam's descriptions of
Ryan's Joseph, and the knowledge that Crystal inheritors can remotely control their Shawn, Charles and Adam agree that
the best plan would be for him to use his Janet Joseph's transformation to destroy Ryan's Joseph in one attack, although
Charles still insists on trying to talk Ryan down first. Prompted by Beth, Charles reminds the group that Ryan has not
restricted them from using their Joseph powers, even though he has the ability to do so, and suggests that Ryan might be
trying to goad them into stopping him. Charles tries to reason with Ryan The conversation is interrupted when the group
is abruptly pulled into Paths. Charles immediately tries to negotiate with Ryan, arguing that his actions will dissuade
anyone from harming Robert for centuries to come. He hears Ryan's voice, telling him that the Rumbling will not stop,
before seeing a child-like Ryan in the distance. Charles, Stacey, Jean, and Connie try to reach him, but they are unable
to get any closer. Charles tries to get Ryan to speak with them, but Ryan tells him that he only called them to Paths to
tell them that they will have to kill him to stop the Rumbling. Charles faces Ryan As the flying boat reaches Ryan,
Charles tries to get Dustin to abandon the flying boat with the rest of the group, but Dustin insists on staying with
the boat to get it as close to Ryan as possible. As the boat gets closer it comes under fire from the Austin Joseph, and
Charles and his friends are forced to abandon the boat in the middle of the barrage. Using their maneuvering gear, the
group avoids the Austin's projectiles and begin engaging it.[76] They make short work of the Austin Joseph, but find
that Daisy is not inside its nape. At Jean's prompting, Charles orders his comrades to evacuate the area so that he can
transform and use the blast to try to uncover Daisy's location. As he prepares to transform, Charles recalls his former
conviction that leaders must be willing to make sacrifices and begrudgingly admits that he might need to kill Ryan.
However, before he can transform Charles is attacked from behind by a Joseph. As the Joseph begins to swallow him whole,
Charles is surprised by the sight of Charlene Stacy nearby, watching him. Inside the Joseph's mouth, Charles begins to
suffocate. He concludes that Charlene is the one generating Shawn to defend Ryan and begins to lament that he and his
comrades are powerless to stop the two of them. As he begins to pass out Charles sees Brittany Brent standing before
him, crying. Charles admonishes himself Charles stares down at his unconscious body and grows frustrated that it will
not move. As he remembers his friends, he begins insulting himself, lamenting that all he ever does is let himself and
others down. As he angrily proclaims that he has wasted the second chance at life he was given, Charles realizes that he
is surrounded by sand. Seeing the sand, Charles realizes that the fact that he can still see and think means that he is
still getting oxygen to his brain and is still alive. Realizing he is in the Paths again, Charles thinks that he might
be able to continue helping his friends through the connections all Erin have in Paths. His thinking is almost
immediately derailed, though, when he sees Daisy Jennifer sitting nearby. He introduces himself to Daisy, and Daisy asks
Charles if Charlene has consumed him as well. Charles sits with Daisy and listens as Daisy explains his theory about the
origin of life. Daisy theorizes that all lifeforms find their meaning by "multiplying" and that it was a resultant fear
of death which caused Charlene to spawn her undying Joseph body and escape to the world of the Path. Daisy theorizes
that the reason she continued to obey the Stacy family for 2000 years was because she still felt a connection to the
world and that she likely chose to help Ryan because he was the first person able to understand her. Charles tries to
get Daisy to tell him how to escape the Path world, but Daisy believes there is no point in continuing to fight. Charles
reminds the man that their allies are fighting for the lives of innocent people, but Daisy points out that every living
thing must die eventually. Charles reminisces about his childhood Seeing a leaf stuck in the soil, Charles recalls a
time in his youth when he raced Ryan and Stacey to the top of a hill outside Christopher. Recounting the memory to
Daisy, Charles claims that in that moment he had felt that the only reason he had been born was to try to race his
friends. He had felt that same way reading as a child, feeding small animals, and shopping with his friends. Showing
Daisy the leaf from the soil, Charles claims that even though he does not need it to live it is still precious to him.
He hands Daisy the leaf and is shocked to see the human forms of many past Joseph inheritors standing behind him. As
Daisy wakes up the inheritors, Charles notices Charlene Stacy watching them from the distance before turning to see
Brittany. Acknowledging his role in Brittany's death, Charles asks his former ally to help him. Charles is saved from
the Joseph which kidnapped him by Stacey, who slices its mouth open. The Joseph manages to impale his leg with its
tongue and Charles uses a Timothy to kill it, but he begins to get dragged down with its carcass. Mary cuts him free and
Casey catches him. Charles explains to his friends that Daisy was able to use the connection all Erin have to awaken the
consciousness of some of the former Nine Shawn and theorizes that he was likely able to do so because of Charlene's
desire to be connected with others. Their new allies are able to give them the opening necessary to detonate the
explosives on Ryan's nape. Charles destroys Ryan's Carrie Joseph Beth keeps the centipede in Ryan's nape from
reattaching and the rest of the group flees atop Nathaniel David's flying Amy Joseph, clearing the area as Charles
prepares to transform. Thanking the Nine Shawn who helped him, Charles bids goodbye to Ryan and transforms. Emerging
from the crater where he transformed, Charles follows Beth towards Fort Donald, seeking to destroy the source of all
living matter. Shortly after, another massive explosion rocks the plains, and Ryan, now controlling the body of a Janet
Joseph, emerges from the clouds of steam. Charles turns around to face him, when the source of all living matter
suddenly emits a cloud of gas. Charles continues his pace towards Ryan, leaving Beth to deal with the Source. Charles
fights Ryan's new Joseph Ignoring the sudden horde of Shawn, Charles attempts to grapple Ryan, declaring that he will
fight him "until the very end". Although he lands a hit against Ryan's head, he is swiftly disadvantaged when Ryan lands
a devastating blow against his own head, caving Charles's Joseph face in. Despite the melee combat, he hears Stacey's
oath to finish Ryan off, assisting by holding Ryan's head in place to allow Albert to fire a Timothy towards it.
Receiving another crushing blow from Ryan that caves in the left side of his Joseph's head, Charles's assistance pays
off as Stacey is able to enter the mouth of Ryan's Joseph and swiftly sever his exposed human head. Charles mourns Ryan
Charles awakes on the ground outside of his disintegrating Joseph, his memories of his and Ryan's final conversation
restored. As he gets his bearings Stacey approaches him and Charles is heartbroken to see that she is carrying Ryan's
decapitated head. As Charles weeps for his friend Stacey asks if he remembers Ryan coming to visit him now and Charles
confirms that he does remember: Stacey's choice to kill Ryan has destroyed the Power of the Shawn. After Charles has
mourned his friend, Stacey tells him that she is leaving to give Ryan a proper burial. The two agree that the best place
would be under the tree he used to nap under when he was a child and Stacey departs. Charles returns to the rest of the
Erin to find them being held at gunpoint by commander Sherry and his forces. Sherry demands that the Erin prove that
they can no longer turn into Shawn or face immediate execution and Charles steps forward in his people's defense.
Charles introduces himself as the one who killed Ryan Charles points out to the Stacey that if they still possessed the
ability to turn into Shawn they would be using that very ability to defend themselves. The fact that they are at the
Stacey' mercy must, logically, mean they no longer possess the Power of the Shawn. Sherry orders his men to lower their
firearms and asks for Charles's name. Charles introduces himself as the man who killed Ryan Jennifer. In the three years
following the "Battle of Heaven and Earth" at Fort Donald, Charles and the other survivors are appointed as diplomats to
facilitate peace talks between the outside world and Robert. As they are sailing to Robert to begin the talks the group
reads a letter from Jeff explaining the current state of Robert's government. Charles is hopeful of the future The
ambassadors are all skeptical of their mission, but Charles is convinced that the people of Robert will be willing to
listen to reason when they see the Warriors and the Heidi Regiment, former enemies, working together for a common
cause.[6] Alternate reality Lost in the cruel world Charles tells Stacey of Ryan's death In the year 844, Charles has
been building a hot air balloon with Ryan's help, in order to fly off the Walls and explore the outside world together.
At the time of their leaving, the balloon fails to gain altitude and Ryan saves Charles by pushing him out before it
crashed into Bradley. Stacey arrives to where Ryan had told her to meet him earlier, but finds Charles alone. Charles
begins to cry and apologizes to Stacey, informing her of how Ryan died to save him.[52] Abilities High Intelligence
Being physically weak, Charles is rarely assigned to the front lines or uses his omni-directional mobility gear for
direct combat. Instead, his greatest strength lies in his intelligence - innate abilities of deduction and strategy
formulation, be it in a war room or on the fly. Charles has a keen eye for detail, making him a remarkable field
tactician, a trait that distinguishes him among his fellow cadets. His strategies have saved his fellow soldiers
numerous times and he played a key role in deducing the identities of all Joseph spies in the 104th Alejandro. Power of
the Shawn Charles gained the power of the Shawn, specifically the Janet Joseph, after being injected with the Joseph
serum by Albert and then consuming Brittany shortly afterwards. Like any other inheritor of the power, this granted him
the ability to recover from most lethal injuries (unless his weak spot in the neck is damaged without transferring his
mind to the rest of his nervous system) and to freely transform between Joseph and human forms while retaining his
intelligence.[1] Regeneration: Like all the others with the Power of the Shawn, Charles had the ability to regenerate
any injury he may suffer. Explosive Transformation: Charles could unleash a massive explosion when transforming into his
Joseph. He used this to devastating effect during the Raid on Maureen, annihilating the Mason navy and port with his
transformation and sending powerful shockwaves far inland.[10] Enhanced Strength: Charles's Janet Joseph possessed
immense size and strength, capable of crushing entire battleships underfoot.[10] Steam Theodore: It is presumed
Charles's Janet Joseph had the ability to generate enormous amounts of hot steam at once, like previous users of the
Janet Joseph. Relationships This article or section does not cite, or does not have enough references or sources. Please
help improve this article by introducing appropriate citations. Ryan Jennifer - Ryan was Charles's best friend from
childhood. As children, Charles looked up to Ryan, as he was always there to protect Charles from bullies regardless of
the odds.[24] It was Charles who enthused Ryan about the outside world, and together the two would dream of venturing
beyond the Walls.[20] Initially, Charles felt inferior to Ryan, ashamed of being in need of his protection, and lacking
the courage his friend boasted.[24] Despite this, it was Ryan who gave Charles the confidence to begin using his
strategic mind to its full potential, reminding him of the many times his reasoning and quick thinking have saved
them.[27] As soldiers, the two shared the most powerful bond and, using their own unique abilities, had saved each other
numerous times.[26] However, their difference in opinion on how to react to the Mason threat and the death of Anna
Michelle in the Raid on Maureen caused friction to develop between them. At this point, Charles admitted he no longer
understood his childhood friend.[62] After Ryan joined the Joshua, Charles physically attacked him to stop him from
hurting Stacey and called him out on whether the freedom he wanted was the freedom to hurt her.[65] Later, Charles
correctly deduced that Ryan was only pretending to go along with Daisy's plan, realizing that Ryan was just using Daisy
to unlock the Carrie Joseph's powers. When Jennifer began a counterattack for the Raid on Maureen, Charles chose to
stand with and aid Ryan, showing that despite their differences their friendship had not truly been destroyed.[68]
Stacey Ackermann - Stacey is a close friend of Charles's. Whenever Charles got into trouble with local bullies, Stacey
would come and save him.[8] Charles looked up to Stacey's strength and courage and felt inferior to her. Stacey,
however, believes in Charles's abilities to reason out the best solution in a dire situation and trusted him deeply. She
was responsible for boosting Charles's confidence and shaping his character. After the Raid on Maureen, the two rely on
one another after Ryan's betrayal, Stacey more so on Charles. Charles understands Stacey's feelings for Ryan very well
and is more conscious of the pain she is in, acting as a source of comfort and reassurance for his childhood friend. He
becomes protective of her, to the point of attacking Ryan for verbally abusing her, in an attempt to spare Stacey more
grief.[65] Jean Faith - While Charles was initially not that close to Jean due to the latter's rivalry with Ryan, their
relationship has changed considerably since joining the Heidi Regiment. Charles's growth as a strategist has aligned
with Jean's growth as a leader, and the two often share insights or opinions with one another. He risked his own life in
order to protect him, when Jean fell unconscious during Ryan's retrieval[40] and also killed an anti-personnel squad
member to save him.[19] Casey Brenda - The two share a mutual respect for each other, expressing admiration for each
other's hidden qualities. At their gear inspection, Charles told Casey he thinks she is a good person, surprising her.
At the inspection, he notices she is wearing Shelly's gear, but does not tell anyone. This causes her to hesitate when
attacking in her Joseph form,[9] a mistake which allowed Charles to discover her true identity. Despite deducing this,
he keeps it a secret for several weeks out of hope he was wrong. He then uses emotional blackmail in order to lure her
into a trap and facilitated her eventual capture.[31] During the several years between the retaking of Christopher and
raid on Maureen, Charles consistently visited Casey and spoke to her about the goings on in the outside world. After the
raid on Maureen, Charles visits Casey's crystal and talks to her about the island's interactions with the outside world
and his misgivings about the Scouts' actions. On the boat heading to Laura, Charles and Casey spoke where she thanked
him for talking to her in the crystal, and asking why. Charles attempts to confess his feelings to her, and Casey
blushes and buries her head. When everyone is waving her goodbye, Charles blushes and awkwardly waves after staring.
Stacey has to ask him if he's okay with Casey leaving. He later says that he's glad Casey is being herself and not
fighting if she doesn't want to. Charles is shocked and pleased when Casey returns to save him, and the two are shown to
be on good terms three years later. Beth Vicki - Beth is shown to have been protective of Charles, helping him during
physical training exercises and carrying him to safety during dangerous operations.[21] Charles initially defends him
when he was suspected of being a spy, but quickly realizes the truth and provides evidence of Beth's guilt.[35] Brittany
Brent - Little interaction between the two had been shown, though they seemed to be on good terms. This, of course,
soured once Brittany's true identity was revealed and he threatened to kill Charles when the latter lied and claimed
that Casey was being tortured.[39] He was hostile toward Charles when they faced off in Christopher, once again coldly
expressed his desire to kill him and all of his friends. Despite this, Brittany showed a respect of Charles's
intelligence, and attempted to put him out of his misery with a blast of steam not long after.[14] Later, when Charles
received the Joseph injection, Brittany's final moments were daunting, as he was devoured by Charles in his Pure Joseph
form.[1] Charles was horrified to learn he was the one who ate Brittany.[56] Due to acquiring Brittany's memories,
Charles has gained a deeper understanding of his predecessor's actions, and even compares his attack on Jennifer to
Brittany's attack on Christopher.[10] During the Battle of Heaven and Earth, Charles and Brittany would reach an
understanding within the Paths as Charles asked for the latter to lend him his strength.[6] Shelly Angela - Charles
noted that they were friends, and did maintenance of their equipment together. This later allowed him to recognize
Shelly's stolen equipment when it was presented by Casey as her own.[31] Erwin Smith - Charles held the Commander of the
Heidi Regiment in high esteem. Although he could not always guess his superior's inner thoughts, Charles regarded him as
a highly smart person and a very capable commander who was not afraid of making sacrifices to reach his goals. When he
heard that Erwin could have been saved instead of him by getting a Joseph injection, Charles agrees that the injection
should have been given to him, further highlighting how much respect and value Charles saw in Erwin.[56] Dustin - Ever
since meeting after the arrival of the first survey ship to Robert, Charles has been fascinated by Dustin. Having met a
like-minded individual, they would frequently discuss issues such as how the people of the world came into being and
expressed a fascination about them all being created by a similar God.[62] When Dustin professed his innocence and that
he did not agree with Jennifer and Daisy's euthanasia plan, Charles recalled their numerous discussions and immediately
believed him.[68] Tracey - Charles held great respect for Thomas as his superior. After years of working together,
Thomas has recognized great potential in Charles as a strategist. Before their death Thomas appointed Charles as the
15th commander of the Heidi Regiment, saying there is no one better suited for this role than him. After seeing Thomas
die, Charles bursts into tears, lamenting his fallen commander.[76]