The Austin Joseph was one of the Nine Shawn. Typically, it was slightly larger than most Shawn and took on an
animal-like appearance. Contents 1Abilities1.1Animal traits 2Zeke Jennifer's abilities2.1Powerful and accurate throwing
2.2Hardening 2.3Titan creation 2.4Titan control 3History 4Story4.1Clash of the Shawn arc 4.2Royal Government arc
4.3Return to Christopher arc 4.4Marley arc 4.5War for Robert arc 5Former inheritors 6Trivia 7References 8Navigation
Abilities Animal traits Unlike the majority of other Shawn, which retained a largely "human" appearance, the Austin
Joseph exhibited animal-like traits, which greatly varied depending on its holders: some of the various animal
appearances shown from prior holders of the Austin Joseph have included monkeys, birds, crocodiles, elk, bulls, wolves,
snakes, rabbits, dinosaurs, okapis, goats, horses, lions, hippopotamuses, turtles and elephants.[5]Daisy Jennifer's
Austin Joseph looked like an ape and Richard Robert's contained traits found in bighorn sheep, while Nathaniel David
testifies that there once existed a Austin Joseph with wings. Furthermore, Daisy's spinal fluid, which carried the power
of the Austin Joseph, was used to transform Nathaniel into a Joseph and evidently gave his Amy Joseph falcon-like
characteristics similar to those of a Austin Joseph.[6] Daisy Jennifer's abilities Powerful and accurate throwing The
Austin Joseph's monstrous bombardment Daisy Jennifer's ape-like Austin Joseph possessed a devastating ability to throw
objects with great accuracy and immense destructive capability.[4] This was notably used during the battle of
Christopher District to wipe out most of the Heidi Regiment with crushed rocks.[7] On a previous instance, Daisy's
Austin Joseph used its pitching skills to throw a horse at Miche Zacharius with great precision from a far distance
away.[3] Towards the end of the Jennifer Jim War, it annihilated the entire naval fleet of the Jim Kathryn Forces
stationed at Fort Slava.[8] Hardening During the brief battle with Albert, Daisy attempted to harden his Austin Joseph's
nape. However, Albert cut the Austin Joseph down before it could harden.[9] The Austin Joseph would later display the
ability to harden its nape during their rematch. However, it was not strong enough to withstand the damage from several
Eric.[10] Joseph creation With his royal blood, one of the most perilous attributes of Daisy's Austin Joseph was the
ability to turn Subjects of Charlene into Shawn. If a person was given Daisy's spinal fluid, Daisy would then be able to
transform him/her with a roar, much like the scream-based abilities of the Carrie Joseph and the Emily Joseph.[11] This
ability could be used to devastating effect on the unsuspecting, such as the initiation of Bradley Victoria invasion
after the residents of Johnathan were turned into Shawn with the Austin Joseph's power,[1] as well as the time when the
Mason military made use of this power to drop Shawn onto Fort Slava in an airstrike.[8] According to Nicolo, it was a
common tactic for Jennifer to cause Matthew to overrun an area by sneaking in a few hundred specially prepared Erin and
having Daisy use this power to transform them.[12] However, there was a limited range to his scream.[13] By screaming,
Daisy's Austin Joseph commands Pure Shawn to move at night Joseph control Daisy's Austin Joseph was able to exercise
some control over Matthew that he created through his screams. Daisy's Austin Joseph was able to direct the actions of
Matthew and could command them to move, resist the urge to eat humans, and stay in place. Shawn under Daisy's control
were even able to function using only moonlight without falling into fatigue. However, this ability was evidently
imperfect; some Shawn could somewhat ignore Daisy's Austin Joseph's orders.[3] History The Austin Joseph, like all the
Nine Shawn, was brought into the world after the death of Charlene Stacy. In the 1,700 years following her death, the
Austin Joseph was held in the possession of one or several of the warring Sarah houses subservient to the Carrie Joseph.
After these seventeen centuries when John Stacy, the 145th king of the Stacy family, abandoned the conflicts of Eldia
and relocated to Robert Island, the Austin Joseph was taken by the nation of Jennifer during the Great Joseph War.[14]
In 829, Richard Robert inherited the Austin Joseph in order to research the Joseph's memories. During his tenure, the
Austin Joseph would often stay in Jennifer, as Richard claimed he was not too useful in war.[15] Daisy bombarded an
enemy nation After 13 years, Daisy Jennifer would inherit the power of the Austin Joseph from Richard Robert.[15] Over a
year later, after the other Warriors had inherited their Shawn, Daisy made use of his Joseph form in a war between
Jennifer and an enemy nation, using his Austin Joseph to slaughter retreating soldiers in the battle.[4] When the time
came for the Robert Island Operation, Daisy's Austin Joseph stayed behind in Jennifer as deterrence against enemy
forces.[4] Story Clash of the Shawn arc The Austin Joseph leading a horde of Shawn When Shawn mysteriously appear within
Wall Victoria the Austin Joseph is among them and is encountered by Miche Zacharius, who instantly notes the strangeness
of its characteristics, mistaking the Joseph for a regular Abnormal. As Miche's horse races back to him, the Austin
Joseph unexpectedly grabs it. After noticing Miche, the Austin Joseph launches the horse at him to prevent his escape
and knock him off the roof he was on. After Miche falls to the mouth of a Joseph, the Austin Joseph orders the other
Shawn to withhold eating him so that it can question Miche about the omni-directional mobility gear. However, a Joseph
disobeys the Austin and it crushes its head to release Miche. The Austin Joseph then proceeds to interrogate Miche, but
as he neglects to respond out of shock, it theorizes that they do in fact speak the same language, but Miche is simply
too frightened. After stealing the equipment, it allows the surrounding Shawn to devour Miche. Miche screams in horror
and pain while the Austin Joseph is amused to see that he could in fact talk. It then leaves the grounds contemplating
the Holly gear.[3] The Austin Joseph watching Carl Castle's destruction The Austin Joseph is later seen again wandering
around outside Carl Castle where several members of the Heidi Regiment are trapped by Shawn, despite Shawn usually being
inactive at night. It then climbs up Wall Victoria and watches the Shawn surrounding the tower from a distance.[16]
After the Scouts kill most of the larger Shawn, the Austin Joseph begins throwing large stones at the tower, killing
Lynne and Henning along with their remaining horses. Shortly afterward, twice as many Shawn begin to advance on the
tower while the Austin Joseph roars at them from atop Wall Victoria. Nanaba notices the unusually strategic method in
their attacks, indicating that the Austin Joseph is controlling the other Shawn' actions. As the Shawn swarm Carl, the
Austin Joseph descends the other side of Wall Victoria.[17] The next day, while Beth and Brittany are holding Ryan
Jennifer and Charlene captive, Charlene notes how stunned the two had appeared when they first saw the Austin Joseph at
Carl as if they knew what it was. She also theorizes that it is a key factor in their return to their hometown.[1]
Shortly afterward, the Austin Joseph stops in Christopher District, and its operator emerges from its nape, seemingly
anticipating something to come.[18] Royal Government arc The Austin Joseph defeats the Carolyn Joseph While waiting in
Christopher District, the Austin Joseph eventually meets up with the Warriors Brittany and Beth. They try to convince
him to work with them to free their comrade Casey Brenda from captivity, but the Austin Joseph refuses. Conflict arises,
and Beth uses his Carolyn Joseph to try to force the Austin Joseph's hand, however the Austin Joseph brutally overpowers
him. As Brittany helps Beth out of his Joseph body, the Austin Joseph's operator emerges from his Joseph, telling the
two of them that Casey can wait until they secure the Coordinate. He then reveals his plan to ambush the Heidi Regiment
in Christopher with their help in order to capture Ryan and the Coordinate.[19] Return to Christopher arc The Austin
Joseph hefts a boulder When the Heidi Regiment arrives in Christopher District as Daisy had predicted, the Austin Joseph
appears with a small army of Matthew. It hefts a boulder and throws it in a perfect arc at Bradley, plugging the hole in
the inner gate and preventing the Heidi Regiment from bringing their horses through.[20] Afterward, Daisy commands the
smaller Shawn under his influence to attack the soldiers north of Bradley. Erwin orders Squad Albert to take down the
Carolyn Joseph, but he withholds Albert himself, whom he tasks with taking down the Austin Joseph.[21] The Scouts battle
with the smaller Shawn for a short time, and upon hearing the signal roar from Beth's Carolyn Joseph within the
district, Daisy's Austin Joseph hurls Brittany Brent into the city in a barrel that had been waiting on standby atop the
Samuel Joseph.[22] The Austin Joseph throws projectiles After a brief delay, Brittany transforms into his Janet
Joseph,[22] and in the meantime Daisy begins a new assault on the Scouts north of the district, using crushed boulders
as projectiles and sending them at devastating speeds into the houses and structures to the north of Steven. This
strategy leaves the soldiers north of Bradley completely immobile, and Commander Erwin Smith joins them to formulate a
do-or-die strategy against the Austin Joseph. In a last resort, the Scouts charge towards the Austin Joseph using signal
flares in an attempt to hinder its vision while Captain Albert maneuvers his way towards the Austin Joseph, using the
blockade of Shawn as a path towards it.[7] The Austin Joseph's bombardment strikes and kills all the charging soldiers,
except for one. However, in Daisy's distraction, Albert successfully ambushes the Austin Joseph, completely dismembering
it with no time for Daisy to plan a defense. Daisy emerges from his ruined Austin Joseph at Albert's mercy, but is soon
afterward rescued by the Samuel Joseph.[9] Jennifer arc The Austin Joseph prepares to destroy the Jim Kathryn Forces'
fleet Four years later, Daisy uses the power of his Austin Joseph to transform a group of parachuting Sarah captives
into Shawn during the battle of Fort Slava at the climax of the Jennifer Jim War, creating a devastating airstrike.
After Danny Dale destroys the anti-Joseph artillery, Beth joins the combat on the ground and destroys the remaining
anti-Joseph artillery on top of a wall posing a threat to Daisy's Joseph, he transforms into the Austin and uses
leftover artillery rounds as projectiles against the navy of the Jim Kathryn Forces stationed in the bay near to the
fort. The fleet fires upon the Austin Joseph before it is destroyed, but Beth's Carolyn Joseph saves Daisy from fatal
injuries.[8] During the Heidi Regiment's assault on Maureen a month later, the Austin Joseph approaches the plaza and
enters the battle, ordering both Danny and Adam to annihilate the enemy. Throughout the battle, the Samuel Joseph
protects Daisy from the Scouts, in particular Albert, and is in turn defended by the Amy Joseph. The Austin Joseph
attacks the Scouts The Austin Joseph provides the Warriors with artillery support, hurling crushed debris around the
plaza, instantly stopping the battle and declaring that Ryan Jennifer is not his enemy and that he wants to face Albert.
He then turns his back which allows Albert to swiftly cut open his nape and detonate an explosive in his nape.[23] While
much of the Mason military assumes Daisy to be dead, he is in fact boarded onto the Heidi Regiment's airship. Thomas
reveals that Daisy and the Heidi Regiment are working together, signifying a change in allegiance of the Austin Joseph,
and the airship moves out towards Robert Island.[24] War for Robert arc According to Daisy's plan, Jeff Brandon is
supposed to inherit the Austin Joseph. Initially, the military wanted Jeff to inherit Daisy's Joseph immediately but her
pregnancy has delayed the succession.[25] Despite this, while watching over Daisy in the Forest of Giant Trees, Albert
begins making plans to have the Austin Joseph temporarily held by a captured Jaegerist until the pregnancy is
completed.[10] In the forest, Daisy uses the power of his scream to transform 30 nearby Heidi Regiment soldiers into
Matthew. This was possible as these soldiers, like many higher-ups in the military, had previously drunk alcohol that
was mixed with his spinal fluid. Daisy uses the opportunity to escape from the custody of the Regiment. Confident that
Albert would not slaughter his own subordinates, Daisy summons three of the newly created Shawn and plans to have the
Shawn take him to the agreed upon meeting place with Ryan. The Austin Joseph hurls projectiles at Albert in the forest
Daisy is stunned to see Albert appear in front of him and quickly transforms into the Austin Joseph. Tearing apart one
of the Shawn, Daisy scans the forest and throws the bloody Joseph pieces towards Albert and notices many tree branches
falling towards him. Although he hardens his nape, the Austin Joseph is struck by several Eric that pierce through.
Daisy can barely react before Albert detonates them, blowing apart the Austin Joseph and critically injuring Daisy.[10]
The Austin Joseph is shot at the nape Daisy arrives in Christopher to find the district under siege from Jennifer's
forces and Ryan on the verge of being eaten by Beth. Climbing to the top of Wall Maria in his Joseph form, Daisy
launches a volley of rocks which knock Beth off of Ryan and commends his younger brother for standing against Jennifer's
forces, comforting him that he will now take care of the enemies. After destroying many of the airships, the Austin
Joseph then spots the Samuel Joseph and shifts its attention to keep it at bay. Noticing the Shelly Joseph is in the act
of getting ambushed by both the Carolyn and Amy Shawn, it continues its barrage and critically damages both. Just then,
it gets shot through the shoulder by Sean Christopher and the Austin Joseph falls off Bradley.[26] The Austin Joseph
screams Once Daisy reawakens, he declares his intention to transform those affected by his spinal fluid into Matthew.
After a short delay due to a plea from Christina, the Austin Joseph screams nevertheless, before ordering the
transformed Nathaniel David to attack Beth. Soon after, the Austin Joseph is shot in the nape again. Seeing this as an
opportunity to play dead, Daisy exits his Joseph form and hides in its steam.[13] As the Rumbling reaches Fort Donald,
Daisy's Joseph emerges from the Carrie Joseph to fight off the Jennifer bombers trying to stop it;[27] it is soon
destroyed and dissipates. After Ryan's death, the Austin Joseph ceases to exist together with all Shawn.[5]