Brittany Brent was an Sarah who was part of Jennifer's Warrior Unit. He originated from the Maureen internment zone and
possessed the ability to transform into the Janet Joseph, making him one of the greatest threats to humanity within the
Walls. In the year 845, he infiltrated Robert Island alongside Beth Vicki, Casey Brenda, and Andrew Dale as part of an
operation to reclaim the Carrie Joseph. Afterwards, he joined and graduated the 104th Alejandro, where he was ranked 3rd
in his class. He became a member of the Heidi Regiment until his identity as the Janet Joseph was revealed. Brittany was
described by others as a weak-willed and quiet person. Contents 1Appearance1.1Human form 1.2Colossal Joseph form
2Personality 3History 4Story4.1The Fall of Christopher arc 4.2Humanity's Comeback arc 4.3The Struggle for Carly arc
4.4Eve of the Counterattack arc 4.5The 57th Exterior Scouting Mission arc 4.6Clash of the Shawn arc 4.7Royal Government
arc 4.8Return to Christopher arc 5Legacy5.1Marley arc 5.2War for Robert arc 6Abilities6.1Power of the Shawn
7Relationships 8People killed8.1Indirectly 8.2Failed attempts 9Trivia 10References 11Navigation Appearance Human form
Brittany was a rather tall, slender teenage boy. He had short, black hair, pale green eyes, thin eyebrows and an
elongated face. He was seen mainly in his cadet uniform, and after he entered the Heidi Regiment, he wore their uniform
with the green hood on missions. He was also noted by others to always be sweating. In his casual clothes, Brittany wore
a blue sweater with a white button down underneath and tan pants,[7] though he later switched to a pale blue button down
with gray pants.[8] Janet Joseph form As the Janet Joseph, he possessed a very distinctive appearance and a number of
unusual features. He grew to roughly 60 meters tall, making him around four times the height of any other Joseph seen
thus far (with the only exceptions of Joshua Brandon' Joseph form and Ryan's Carrie Joseph form). Brittany's Janet
Joseph form was one of the more heavily-deformed Shawn seen in the series - he appeared to lack skin entirely and his
jaw and facial structure seemed to be heavily altered from his human form. It was also constantly releasing jets of
steam from the surface of its body, in a manner that parallels his frequent nervous sweating. His feet were also quite
different to those of a human and other Shawn, as they were swollen and pillar-like in appearance. He had slim and
disproportionately long arms in comparison to his head, body and legs. Personality Brittany was a quiet teenage boy who
identified himself as someone with a weak will that follows popular opinion. Likewise, his commandant noted him to be a
person with great potential, but an utter lack of initiative.[9] He was further described by Ryan Jennifer as being
taciturn, and Brittany tended to remain in the background unless necessary. By his own admission, he was something of a
coward and was noted for his low self-esteem. Brittany's withdrawn behavior created the impression of him being the
least emotionally compromised of the three infiltrating warriors. Particularly, his distant act made it seem that he
held little remorse over his actions, instead only caring about the well-being of his partner, Beth.[10] However, when
confronted by his former 104th comrades and questioned about their friendship, he revealed himself to be far more
conflicted and guilt-ridden than it originally appeared.[11] He showed great devotion to both of his fellow warriors,
Beth Vicki and Casey Brenda, and was easily driven to action or anger when he felt either was threatened.[11][6] In
particular, Brittany seemed to harbor some feelings for Casey, as observed by both Beth and Charles.[12] Initially, he
showed himself to be wary of others and acted as a voice of reason to Beth, cautioning him repeatedly about lowering his
guard. His interactions with Charlene reveal that while his actions have caused considerable suffering, he was not a
cruel person and was capable of showing genuine kindness towards others. Brittany underwent a serious change in
character shortly before and during the Battle of Christopher. He became detached, indifferent and cold, allowing him to
fulfill his savage duty more efficiently. Brittany remained calm and composed, and did not feel sorry or bad when he
told his former friends that he will kill them and all humans inside the Walls because he had decided to do so. He was
unfazed by Charles's attempt at manipulating him by bringing up Casey, did not feel panic or dread when other Heidi
Regiment soldiers were going to kill the helpless Beth and he had to leave him to himself. He noted how Charles is
unable to do anything to him as long as he shakes in fear of his presence. Brittany does not show complete disregard for
the human race and his 104th former friends. He showed panic and slight tears when he, Beth, and Casey left Shelly
Angela to die.[6] When confronted by Charles, he refers to his former friends as "precious comrades" and repeatedly
states that they are not at fault. This leaves the impression that Brittany's reasons for wanting them to die are not
personal, and are due to unknown factors outside of their current comprehension or knowledge. Brittany once more shows
sympathy for his former friends by expressing his disappointment in the waste of Charles's intelligence as he dies. He
then decides to burn him as quickly as possible to put him out of his misery.[13] Brittany came to accept his villainous
self, and rationalized that none of it was his or anyone's fault, but that the world is cruel, and all of it was
inevitable. When the blast of his transformation failed to kill all of the soldiers, he expresses his disappointment at
his former friends' continued survival. Despite his calmness and utter fearlessness in the face of death and
destruction, he was absolutely terrified of the Matthew, and of dying painfully at their hands. During his attempted
escape with Beth, Charlene and Ryan, Brittany completely panicked when the Matthew came within reach of him. As
Charles's Pure Joseph approached him, Brittany begged his former friends to save him then cried and screamed for Beth
and Casey before being brutally devoured.[14] History Brittany in Jennifer Brittany was an Sarah born in the continent
of Jennifer. At some point in his childhood, he joined the Mason military as a Warrior candidate. One day Brittany
noticed a fellow candidate named Danny Dale bullying Beth Vicki, a smaller candidate. After Danny left, Brittany helped
Beth to his feet and formed a lifelong friendship with him. Upon acquiring the power of the Janet Joseph, he learned to
use its power almost immediately.[15] He, along with Beth, Casey and Andrew, began a mission to attack the walled Erin
in the year 845. The main objective of the mission was to steal the power of the Carrie Joseph and bring it to the
Jennifer government. Brittany and his comrades set out for the Walls The day they were about to breach Wall Maria, the
Warriors encountered Charlene's Joseph while traveling. Still in a mindless state, she attacked the three boys and
nearly killed Beth. Andrew ended up sacrificing his life to protect his friends, while Brittany appeared to have fled in
terror possibly abandoning the other two in the process.[12] They later regrouped and were about to abandon the mission
but Beth stopped them, reminding them of the consequence. Casey, enraged, attacked Beth whilst Brittany could only watch
the scuffle. After Beth took the lead and decided that they would continue the mission, the remaining Warriors headed to
Bradley and began their operation. Brittany, upon witnessing the might of the wall, questioned if he could actually
destroy it.[15] Story The Fall of Christopher arc Brittany's Janet Joseph appears at Christopher District Brittany
transforms into his Janet Joseph form at Christopher District, terrorizing its population and kicking a hole in the
district's gate. The attack leads to falling debris scattering across the town, crushing houses in the process.[3]
Brittany watches a Pure Joseph pass by him Immediately after his attack, Brittany reverts to his human self, while Shawn
enter the city from outside the walls, resulting in the population being set on by them. After exiting his Joseph,
Brittany comes in close proximity with a Pure Joseph, but is ignored as it instead entered Christopher District, much to
his confusion. After the Carolyn Joseph breaches Steven, Brittany manages to enter alongside Beth and Casey. Brittany
and Beth were among the many refugees that were informed of the food shortage.[16] During the abandonment of Bradley,
Brittany and the other two forge their family records. Together, they masquerade as refugees from deep in the mountains
south of Steven, who learned of the attack at dawn as their village was under assault by Shawn, a tale stolen from a
deceased colleague.[15] Humanity's Comeback arc Brittany shortly after enlisting Two years after the destruction of
Steven, in the year 847, Brittany enlists in the military and becomes a member of the 104th Alejandro along with Beth
and Casey. On the first day of training, Brittany is one of the few students who the commandant Erin does not attempt to
haze, as he is able to tell that Brittany has already been through a rite of passage.[9] After failing repeatedly to
operate the omni-directional mobility gear, Ryan seeks advice from his fellow cadets and is sent to Brittany and Beth
for help by Shelly Angela. Though initially unfriendly towards Ryan and Charles, Brittany and Beth quickly warm up to
them after learning they are from Christopher District and are still willing to enlist in the Heidi Regiment. They share
their desire to return to their lost hometown and agree to give Ryan advice. The next day they witness Ryan's last
attempt to pass where he fails yet again until Matthew notices that his equipment is defective. Upon being resupplied
Ryan passes the test as Beth and Brittany watch impressed with Ryan's determination.[17] At some point during their
training, the cadets complete a snowstorm training exercise. However, Christa, Charlene, and Daz do not return. The next
morning when Ryan, Stacey, and Charles decide to go looking for them, Brittany and Beth decide to accompany them, as
well as Mary, Anna and Shelly. However, they hear a loud almost thunder-like noise and head out to investigate but
discover Charlene returning to camp with Daz who is tended to by the others indoors.[18] Eventually Brittany graduates
3rd in his class, behind Beth.[9] The Struggle for Carly arc Brittany escapes Ryan Five years after his attack on
Christopher District, Brittany transforms into the Janet Joseph at the entrance of Carly District. He immediately repels
the Military cadets on top of Wall Victoria with vapor from his high-temperature body and then breaches the gate into
the city. As he sets his eyes on Bradley's fixed artillery, the Janet Joseph swings its arm and destroys Bradley's
defenses. Surviving the assault, Ryan launches himself at the Janet Joseph's neck and attempts to attack its nape,
leading to Brittany dissolving his Joseph's body and Ryan missing his target. His attack prompts the Nichole to begin
the Janet Joseph contingency plan for Carly District, and results in Shawn entering the city.[19] Upon reentering Carly,
Brittany takes part in the attack against the Shawn. However, with the supply team stuck in Carly's Military
headquarters, he is essentially immobilized with many of his teammates on a rooftop. He, Beth, Casey discuss what to do
next, with Beth suggesting that they wait for the Shawn to gather to them before they make a move. Stacey asks them if
they have seen Ryan, and Beth points out Charles, telling her he was in Ryan's squad.[20] Stacey takes charge, leading
an attempt to get to the military headquarters in Carly, which Brittany takes part in. Mary, Stacey, and Charles arrive
shortly afterward, with an abnormal Joseph in tow that promptly begins to kill the Shawn swarming the outside of the
building.[4] Brittany listens to Charles's plan Brittany takes part in Charles's plan to clear out the smaller Shawn
that have infiltrated the headquarters' armory. After the Shawn are lured together by the cadets and blinded via
gunfire, he and six other cadets attack them, in an effort to clear out all of the Shawn in one move. As the other
cadets move out after resupplying, Brittany is among the soldiers that stay behind to observe the abnormal Joseph as it
is overwhelmed by the mindless Shawn.[4] Suspecting that the Joseph is intelligent, Brittany, Casey, and Beth argue that
they should help it and prevent it from being eaten. They are silenced when the Joseph breaks away from the Shawn
devouring it to kill one final Joseph, before collapsing. They prepare to leave, but are shocked at the sight of Ryan
Jennifer emerging from the Joseph's nape. Brittany, Jean, Casey, and Beth are placed on standby with their fellow
cadets, and are ordered not to tell anyone what they witnessed.[4] Later, after seeing what appears to be Joseph vapor
from inside the city, he and the soldiers who witnessed Ryan's emergence from the Joseph's nape scale Bradley to see
what is happening. Over Bradley, they see Ryan protecting Stacey and Charles from cannon fire, with a shield made from
the torso of his Joseph form.[21] Brittany looks back as he leaves Shelly behind While watching Ryan attempt to seal the
hole in Wall Victoria, Beth and Brittany discuss the situation. Brittany is concerned that the Shawn will kill Ryan
before they learn anything, but Beth dismisses Brittany's concerns, saying that, with Ryan's transformation, they
finally have a clue after searching for five years. Shelly overhears their conversation and asks the two of them what
they are talking about. Though Beth initially plays it off as a joke, he quickly overpowers Shelly and forces Casey to
remove his Holly gear. Brittany warns them both of an approaching Joseph, and they leave Shelly behind to die. As Shelly
begs for his life, Brittany is shocked to see Beth asking why Shelly is being eaten alive.[6] Eve of the Counterattack
arc After the battle in Carly, Brittany joins the Heidi Regiment with Stacey, Beth Vicki, Ryan, Mary, Anna Michelle,
Christa Lenz, Charles, Charlene, Jean Faith and a few others.[22] The 57th Exterior Scouting Mission arc Brittany and
Charlene see the Shawn running Brittany participates in the Heidi Regiment's 57th exterior scouting mission into Joseph
territory, sticking close to his friend Beth the whole time.[23] The mission is fairly slow paced for him until he
arrives at the Forest of Giant Trees with his group and is ordered to be on standby. He waits in the trees with his
comrades so that they may stop any Joseph from entering the forest where their superiors are.[24] After awhile of little
events, a loud Joseph scream can be heard from within the forest and several Shawn begin to charge in. Brittany is among
the soldiers as they attempt to stop the Shawn from entering.[25] After the Shawn are gone beyond the soldiers' watch
point, Brittany sees the smoke signal indicating the time for retreat. He regroups with his comrades and they head back
to the walls. Upon re-entering the gate, the Heidi Regiment receives comments and criticisms for their loss of life and
lack of results.[26] Clash of the Shawn arc During the assault on Justin District, several of the 104th Alejandro
recruits including Brittany are kept at an outpost in Wall Victoria under suspicions of a Joseph spy being among them.
They are under the watch of Miche Zacharius and a number of Heidi Regiment soldiers until further notice. While they
wait inside, Anna and Mary complain of boredom and mention that theirvillages are nearby while Beth and Brittany sit
across from each other playing chess. Beth then expresses suspicions of their reason for staying in this location as
they are unarmed despite the rest of the soldiers being fully equipped. Anna then begins to shout about hearing
footsteps but is brushed off briefly. She continues to shout until Nanaba stops at the window, opens it, and informs the
104th that several Shawn were just spotted to the south of Wall Victoria, saying that they must mount their horses
quickly without gear as they are pressed for time. Beth expresses panic at the notion of Shawn within Bradley to
Brittany before they begin to tack up their horses and the soldiers move out with the goal of evacuating and informing
citizens.[7] Brittany and Beth agree to help Mary with the southern territory Miche asks if anyone is familiar with the
area, and Anna notes that both she and Mary know it. Asking to go to his village after leading the southern group, Mary
accepts the task from Miche and is joined by Beth and Brittany for aid. During their escape, the Shawn begin to sprint
and start to catch up to the soldiers and their horses. Miche realizes this and takes charge to divert their focus and
separates from the group so that they may escape. Watching him go, Brittany breaks off into one of the four teams as
they split up and leave.[7] After discovering Mary's village to be deserted,[27] the Southern team meets up with
Charlene and Christa's team, and they decide to take refuge for the night in Carl Castle.[28] At some point during the
night, the castle comes under attack by Shawn and the recruits are forced to defend the interior from the smaller Shawn
that have invaded. After Beth takes off on his own to investigate, Brittany notes his friend's "bad habit" of risking
himself for others. When a Joseph manages to break through a stairwell door, he comes to Beth's defense with a pitchfork
and helps fight it off. The two reaffirm their promise to survive and return to their home together.[29] After a second
Joseph manages to enter and injure Beth, he helps Charlene toss it out a window. Afterward, he begins to behave in a
withdrawn manner and responds to questions about how Beth was in the past with a strange comment about how Beth has
changed and is no longer a "Warrior." However, he refuses to elaborate further on the subject.[29] Brittany and Beth are
shocked to see Charlene's Joseph Eventually, their superiors are killed by the attacking Shawn and the rookies are left
defenseless. This drives Charlene to reveal herself to be a Joseph, using her powers to protect the others. Brittany and
Beth are shocked when they find out that Charlene was the same Joseph that ate Andrew years back. Thanks to her efforts
and the timely arrival of Thomas's soldiers, the rookies are saved.[18] The Heidi Regiment takes stock of their injured
on top of Wall Victoria and when Ryan sympathizes Beth and Brittany about being driven out of their hometown, Brittany
uses that to push Beth to remember their desire to go back to their hometown. His cryptic words about how there is
barely anything left to do cause Beth to remember something.[30] Beth and Brittany begin their transformations Beth
confesses to Ryan that he and Brittany are the Carolyn and Janet Shawn and broke down Bradley five years ago to destroy
humanity. Not wanting to have his secret revealed, Brittany plays along with Ryan's claim that Beth is merely tired and
not thinking straight. Beth ignores him, leaving Brittany clearly uneasy. When Ryan refuses to go with them, Beth tries
to take him by force, prompting Brittany to blow his cover and asks Beth if they are going to do it now. Before they can
take Ryan, Stacey intervenes and attacks both Brittany and Beth. She nearly kills Brittany, but Beth saves him and the
two use their injuries to transform into their Joseph forms.[30] While Ryan changes into a Joseph and fights with Beth
on the ground below, Brittany remains anchored to Bradley with his ribs. He attacks the Heidi Regiment, capturing both
the unconscious Charlene and an unnamed Heidi Regiment soldier. Brittany swallows both of them. The Scouts attack him in
return, trying to overwhelm him due to the Janet Joseph's slower speed, but Brittany emits a blast of scalding steam,
forcing them back. Rather than disappearing though, he remains stationary and continuously billows heat to keep the
Scouts away.[31] When Beth begins losing his battle with Ryan, he drags the two of them just beneath Brittany's position
on the wall and roars. In response to the signal, Brittany breaks free and plummets down on top of the two Shawn.[31]
His Joseph lands in an explosion of steam and hot air strong enough to push back even the soldiers still hanging on
Bradley. This gives Beth the opportunity to overpower Ryan and bite him out of his Joseph. Brittany emerges out of his
own Joseph voluntarily, carrying Charlene and now wearing the omni-directional mobility gear of the soldier he had
swallowed. He grapples on to Beth's Joseph and the two of them flee with Ryan and Charlene.[32] Brittany and Beth take a
break in a Forest of Giant Trees to rest until sunset, when ordinary Shawn will become inactive. Ryan regains
consciousness during this time[32] and begins arguing with Beth. At one point Beth becomes completely confused,
concerning Brittany. When pressed by Charlene, Brittany gently reminds Beth of his status as a Warrior, revealing that
this is not the first time that Beth has behaved this way. Charlene concludes that convincing himself that he is a
soldier is how Beth is able to live with himself, considering all the damage he has done as a Warrior.[10] While Beth is
upset from Charlene's analysis, Ryan asks Brittany how he felt when he told them that his mother was eaten because a
piece of Bradley he kicked landed on their house and she could not escape. Brittany maintains that he felt sorry for
Ryan, but Ryan loses any sympathy he might have had for them.[10] Brittany embarrassed by his feelings for Casey
Brittany and Beth spot Heidi Regiment signal flares sooner than expected[10] and prepare to leave. He makes sure that
Beth is in a "Warrior" state of mind and Beth assures him that he is. Beth also tells Brittany that he should confess
his feelings to Casey, after they bring her, Christa, and the "Carrie Joseph" back to their hometown. Brittany is
flustered by the suggestion, but Beth tells him that they are both murderers with short lives ahead and that who else
would understand what they have been through other than one of their own.[12] Beth subdues Ryan while Brittany asks
Charlene if she remembers who she ate to become a human again. She does not, but apologizes, realizing that it must have
been one of Brittany and Beth's friends. Brittany is not upset though, and tells her that it was also the same for him.
Once Ryan is secured, the group of them flee with Brittany carrying Charlene and Beth carrying Ryan, but when Charlene
sees the signal flares, she realizes that Christa is likely with the Scouts and asks to retrieve her. When Beth says no,
she begins interfering with Brittany's maneuvering and threatens to take Ryan away from them and go back to the
Scouts.[12] Without much choice, they wait at the edge of the forest for Charlene. When she returns, Beth transforms
into the Carolyn Joseph to escape and Brittany grapples on to his shoulder while carrying Ryan.[12] Despite their head
start, several of their former comrades catch up to them on horseback and Brittany calls out for Beth to protect him as
Stacey closes in. The Carolyn Joseph covers the front of his neck with his hands, providing a small sheltered space for
Brittany and the captive Ryan.[11] Brittany says their friendship was not a lie Undeterred, Jean and Mary bang on Beth's
armor and remind Brittany of the times they shared together, even the mundane and silly moments like using Brittany's
sleeping positions to predict the weather. When they ask him if their friendship was a lie, Brittany breaks down and
tells them that it was not. He insists that he did not want to kill people, but someone has to be the one to get blood
on their hands.[11] Their conversation is interrupted when Erwin leads a horde of Shawn into Beth. The Carolyn Joseph
buckles beneath the swarm, forcing Beth to remove his hands in order to break free and exposing Brittany and Ryan to
attack. Stacey takes advance of the opportunity and Brittany narrowly dodges her attempt to kill him.[11] Brittany
threatens to pulverize Charles Charles lands on the side of Beth's head and provokes Brittany by telling him that Casey
is being tortured while he and Beth are about to escape without her. This drives Brittany into a fit of rage and he
turns to attack Charles, creating an opening for Erwin to cut Ryan free and sever one of Brittany's grappling lines.
Brittany falls, dangling from his one remaining line, and is unable to stop Ryan from being taken away.[11] During
Ryan's escape, he strikes a particular Joseph and screams. The sound reverberates through Brittany and Beth as the
smaller Shawn charge and devour the one Ryan had faced. As they realize with horror that Ryan does indeed hold the
Carrie Joseph they are looking for, Ryan's rage turns to them and he screams for them to get away. The Shawn then turn
to attack Brittany and Beth as well. The two are about to be overwhelmed, with Beth being unable to protect Brittany,
when Charlene comes back to aid them.[33] Brittany apologizes to Charlene After the battle, the three catch their
breaths on top of Steven, having managed to survive. Beth asks Charlene why she bothered to save them and she says that
she is grateful for what they did for her, because if they had not come to break Bradley, she would never have woken
from her nightmare. She knows they cannot go back empty-handed, so she is returning what she had borrowed. Brittany,
overcome with emotion, thanks her and apologizes.[33] Royal Government arc Brittany witnesses Beth's defeat Roughly two
months after Brittany and Beth are exposed as traitors and escape the Scouts they are reunited with Daisy. They inform
him of Andrew's death and Casey's capture. They also inform him about Ryan's actions during their escape, believing him
to be the holder of the Carrie Joseph.[34] Daisy decides to make the retrieval of the Founder their top priority.
Brittany and Beth protest and insist that the recovery of Casey take precedent over capturing Ryan. Eventually, Beth
decides to challenge Daisy to a battle with their respective Joseph forms in the ruins of Christopher District, but
Daisy swiftly and effortlessly defeats him. While Brittany helps Beth out of his Joseph form, Daisy declares himself the
winner and reaffirms that Casey's rescue will wait until after they had acquired the Founder from Ryan.[35] Brittany is
seen alongside Beth atop Bradley at Christopher District awaiting the Scouts arrival.[36] Return to Christopher arc
Prior to the arrival of the Heidi Regiment, Brittany, Beth, and Daisy wait patiently atop Steven, above Christopher.
Daisy assures them that Casey is not being tortured and reminds them of their mission, and Brittany agrees to put aside
thoughts of Casey for now, claiming that no one else has to go through hell except for them. Remembering the pain of
Casey, Shelly, and Beth, Brittany expresses a desire to end all the fighting. The quadruped Joseph appears below and
alerts them of the Scouts' imminent arrival, and the three Warriors share a last toast before preparing for battle.[6]
As Brittany and Beth jog along Steven, Beth notes that the two of them will be in separate positions, and that Brittany
will have to think and act for himself, rather than wait for Beth's signal. Beth admits that he never thought of
Brittany as particularly reliable before, as he tends to leave things to others when it matters in spite of his immense
ability, but not anymore. Brittany affirms his desire to end things, and Beth tells him to keep up that attitude until
he can be reunited with Casey. The two part ways.[6] Brittany is hiding from the Scouts When the Heidi Regiment makes it
to Christopher District, they begin rushing the gate with a hundred soldiers to confuse the enemy. As Ryan flies up
above the breach in Steven's southern gate, he prepares to transform. As this is happening, Brittany watches the Scouts
from within a barrel, equipped with his Holly gear.[8] After some time, he wonders why Beth has not given the signal,
and whether or not he is okay. Upon hearing the Carolyn Joseph's roar, the Austin Joseph throws the barrel with Brittany
inside towards Beth's position. Brittany prepares to transform, but upon seeing Beth's damaged Joseph form, abandons the
plan and rushes over to check on his friend. He discovers that while Beth survived the Eric, he was forced to transfer
his consciousness to his Joseph body. He tells Beth that he will need to move a little, and if he cannot, then he will
have to prepare for the worst. Brittany declares that he is ending this and heads towards the Scouts.[6] As he
approaches, Charles Jessica calls out to him and asks to negotiate. Brittany gives him the Warriors' conditions: Ryan,
and the demise of humanity within the Walls. He calls this the harsh truth of reality, and claims it has already been
decided. When Charles asks who decided this, Brittany admits that he did. Charles tries to bait him by telling Brittany
about Casey's supposed torture again, but Brittany no longer falls for it and expresses doubt the Gina even has her.[6]
Brittany cuts off Charles's escape When Charles tries to leave, Brittany cuts him off, taunting him about wanting to
talk. He asks if Charles thought talking about Casey would upset him, because Brittany is supposed to be meek and timid.
Brittany knows that Charles's "negotiation" is actually just buying time for the Scouts to surround him and finish off
Beth. He only agreed to talk to Charles because he wanted to see if he would break down and ask for forgiveness, like
the last time he was faced with his former comrades. But he no longer feels conflicted about what he must do, and tells
Charles that even though the Scouts are his cherished comrades, he still intends to kill them all. He acknowledges that
they are not devils, and they have not done anything wrong, but they need to die regardless.[6] Stacey attacks Brittany
Without warning, Stacey appears behind Brittany and tries to go for the killing blow, but Brittany quickly blocks her
blade. Despite losing an ear, Brittany manages to escape using his Holly gear. He maneuvers high into the sky, noting
that he barely feels any fear and thinks to himself that no matter how things turn out, he will be able to accept the
outcome, as nobody is truly in the wrong: the world is just simply cruel. He transforms, and the resulting blast engulfs
all of the nearby soldiers except for Albert Squad and levels the central portion of Christopher. The Janet Joseph then
starts to pick up buildings damaged from the blast and throws them all over the district; many of them have burst into
flames due to the heat from his Joseph, spreading the fire to the rest of the district.[6] Brittany kicks Ryan's Joseph
As the Janet Joseph, he begins to toss flaming houses and buildings around the district, setting nearly the entire city
ablaze. He then heads north towards Commander Erwin's position but is intercepted by Ryan and the 104th recruits. Ryan
charges at Brittany's leg, attempting to stop him in his tracks. With little effort, Brittany lifts the leg with Ryan's
Joseph dangling from it before sending Ryan crashing into the top of Steven with a swift kick. The group charge at him
to create a diversion for Stacey to launch the Timothy at his nape. He emits a searing hot gas which forces Stacey to
retreat and injures Mary in the process. After the group has sought temporary safety, he continues to destroy the
district.[37] As Beth recovers and begins to fight the Albert Squad, Brittany notes that he was hoping to kill everyone
with his transformation, but calmly shrugs it off, saying he is used to such trials. He approaches Ryan and Charles,
wondering what Charles will do. Seconds later, Ryan loses his balance and falls to the ground, motionless. Brittany uses
heat to blow Charles away Brittany, thinking Ryan is already beaten, decides to blow Charles away, and unleashes a burst
of steam from his body. However, much to his surprise, Charles latches onto his teeth and refuses to let go. He
questions what Charles could possibly hope to achieve with Ryan already beaten, but decides to finish him quickly and
launches one final burst, charring Charles's skin and burning his hair off, sending him falling lifelessly to the
rooftops below. Brittany is caught off guard and is defeated by Ryan After observing Charles's burnt body, Brittany
moves over to Ryan's Joseph body, only to find it a hardened shell. He then realizes too late that Charles was buying
Ryan time to get out of his Joseph form and used Brittany's attack as a smokescreen. At that moment, a human Ryan
appears from behind, latching onto the Janet Joseph's nape and slicing it open, severing Brittany's arms and legs,
before ripping him out and dragging him down to the roof below, where Charles's body is lying.[13] After being defeated
and dragged out of his Janet Joseph, Brittany is approached by Daisy and the Samuel Joseph. Anticipating capture, Ryan
begins to slit Brittany's throat, but Daisy tells Brittany that he can not save him this time. When Albert pursues
Daisy, Ryan urges him to give Charles the Joseph injection so that Brittany can be fed to Charles to turn him into a
Joseph and save him from death. However, another soldier arrives with Erwin Smith, unconscious but also alive. The
soldiers debate who should be given the Joseph serum between Erwin or Charles, as Brittany lies unconscious and at their
mercy. Brittany is killed by Charles's Pure Joseph. After a fair bit of debating, Albert is left with the decision and
finally decides on who to give the serum to. Brittany awakes to find himself at the complete mercy of Charles's Pure
Joseph. He screams and cries, begging his former allies to save him as they watch, with tears in their eyes. Brittany
cries out for Casey and Beth before he is consumed alive and killed by Charles.[14] Charles has a nightmare about
Brittany before he wakes up. He dreams that the Janet Joseph is crying. He is told by Ryan that he ate Brittany in order
to stay alive, to which Charles is mortified to learn.[38] Legacy Jennifer arc When Brenda and Karina Vicki attend Willy
Steven's festival in Maureen , Brenda mentions hearing that Brittany's father had died. Karina confirms this, musing
that Brent had always been proud of his son for becoming a Warrior.[39] War for Robert arc During the fight between the
Survey Corps and the Shawn of Charlene Stacy, Charles is kidnapped by an okapi-shaped Austin Joseph. As he starts
suffocating in the Joseph's mouth he sees an image of Brittany standing before him, crying. Outside, Brittany's Joseph
appears and attempts to devour Beth's Carolyn Joseph. Beth is narrowly saved by Jean and Brittany's Joseph throws the
empty Joseph at the rest of the Heidi Regiment.[40] The okapi-shaped Joseph retreats to Brittany's Joseph where
Charles's allies will not be able to pursue it.[40] Brittany standing behind Charles As the fighting continues, Brittany
and a handful of other inheritors are reawakened in the Path world by Daisy. Brittany approaches Charles, who
acknowledges that he stole Brittany's life and Joseph before asking if Brittany will still lend him his strength. Taking
control of his Joseph, Brittany immediately begins defending Casey from the hordes of Shawn which had been overtaking
her. He continues fending off the myriad Shawn which are attempting to defend Ryan long enough for Ryan's nape to be
destroyed. He then picks up Charles with some of the other Shawn and holds him as he transforms into his Janet Joseph to
destroy the rest of Ryan's Joseph.[40] Abilities Brittany graduated 3rd among the cadets in the 104th and was noted as
the best user of the omni-directional mobility gear among them.[9] He managed to kill a small Joseph without the use of
the omni-directional mobility gear.[4] Brittany was highly skilled in melee combat, being able to defend against and
even temporarily overpower Stacey Ackermann, despite her attacking from behind.[6] Power of the Shawn Brittany was able
to transform into a 60-meter Joseph referred to as the Janet Joseph. In this form, Brittany was
able to look over the Walls. He was also able to retain his intelligence when he transformed as shown when he targeted
the network of cannons that line the top part of Wall Victoria first as a means to quickly cripple Bradley's defense.
The Janet Joseph form, due to its large size, is incredibly slow, which makes it easy for anyone with the
Omni-directional mobility gear to move around him. Like Ryan, Brittany was able to induce a partial transformation, as
he was able to manifest the upper portion of his Joseph form on top of Wall Victoria to fight against the Scouts and not
his entire Joseph.[30] His Joseph was noteworthy for being able to form and dissolve almost instantly, as opposed to
most others.[9] This may be related to his ability to generate incredible heat, as he generated a massive cloud of steam
before vanishing.[19] Regeneration: Brittany, like all other Shawn, had the power to automatically regenerate any wounds
sustained and even entire parts of his body that are lost. This power also extended to his human form, as shown in the
fight against Stacey on top of Wall Victoria with Brittany losing part of his arm and suffering a critical slash to his
neck.[30] Later on, in the Forest of Giant Trees, Brittany was seen with his arm regenerated, and his neck fully
healed.[10] He also received a deep cut in the chest at hands of Erwin Smith, but he regenerated anyway.[33] Enhanced
Strength: The Janet Joseph is physically the strongest Joseph shown so far in the series due to its immense size and
along with the Carolyn Joseph, are the only ones who are capable of damaging and tearing down the gates of the Walls.
With a single strike of his Joseph foot, Brittany was able to breach the south gate of Steven easily, damaging nearby
buildings in the Christopher District.[3] A sweeping motion with one of his arms was enough to destroy all the cannons
on top of Steven as well as damage the upper portion of Bradley.[9] Brittany's strikes had enough force to similarly
damage the upper portion of Wall Victoria and create a shock wave able to push back people, wounding them in the
process. He was able to stop Ryan's Joseph form by simply jumping off a Wall and not even in his complete form. This
strike was strong enough to also leave an enormous crater in the ground.[31] Brittany was also strong enough to
effortlessly kick Ryan's Shelly Joseph into the top of Steven, defeating it.[37] The Janet Joseph's heavy steam emission
Steam Generation / Heat Channeling: Although all Shawn possess very precise internal temperature control, Brittany took
this to a new level. Since Brittany's Joseph form was far too slow to catch more agile opponents with the Holly gear, he
possessed a powerful defense mechanism that involved him releasing immense amounts of extremely hot and pressurized
steam from his body. The steam had enough force to deflect any cables shot from the Holly gear and burn away or repel
close-range fighters. It was shown that Brittany could sustain the effort of producing large quantities of steam for a
timed/limited duration, as seen in the fight on the top of Wall Victoria. Despite the Janet Joseph's high temperature,
Brittany did not sustain heat damage inside his Joseph.[31] Along with the steam generation, the Janet Joseph was also
capable of generating massive amounts of heat. The super-heated air released from its head area was enough to sear the
flesh from Charles's muscles within moments and fuse his equipment straps to his legs.[13] Brittany's transformation in
Christopher Explosive Transformation: Although all Shawn generate enormous amounts of heat and energy when transforming,
Brittany took this to the next level. He could seemingly control the destructive energy produced during his
transformation to create various effects. For instance, when he attacked Christopher and Carly, his transformation only
caused a wind blast that caused no real damage to Bradley.[3][9] His third transformation was relatively similar, with
the power behind his transformation doing little other than blowing the Scouts away with no casualties. However, during
the retake of Christopher, Brittany released a similar amount of energy to a small nuclear device, creating a massive
mushroom cloud of dust and rubble, and also ravaging part of the district and killing a great number of Heidi Regiment
soldiers.[6] Instant Form Dissipation: Although all holders of the power of the Shawn produce their enormous Shawn in
moments, and Brittany was no exception, he was the only one shown able to disappear entirely in moments. It is unknown
exactly how he did this, but it was a fast enough process to avoid attacks by Ryan Jennifer, who had latched onto his
Joseph's nape and struck thin air when the body vanished in less than 10 seconds.[19] Relationships Beth Vicki - Beth
was his childhood friend, and partner in their mission against humanity. The two were rarely apart, and Brittany almost
always followed along with whatever Beth decided. However, he was shown to be greatly bothered by Beth's growing
attachment to the others and mental problems. Michelle so, he rarely spoke up or took any action to oppose Beth. As he
was being eaten by Charles in his Pure Joseph form, he screamed out for Beth and Casey to help him. Casey Brenda -
Brittany and Casey were fellow warriors and childhood friends. As Casey left to join the Gina, Brittany had his eyes set
on her which led Beth and Charles to believe he had feelings for her.[12] When Charles claimed that Casey was being
tortured by the Military, Brittany became enraged and distracted, allowing Erwin to cut off the bonds binding him and
Ryan.[11] Beth said that once their mission was complete, Brittany would have to tell Casey how he felt about her. As he
was being eaten by Charles in his Pure Joseph form, he screamed out for Beth and Casey to help him.[14] Four years
later, when Bertolt's Janet Joseph was recreated by Charlene Stacy, Brittany's soul was able to take control of it from
the unknown land of paths and saved Casey from a swarm of Shawn. Ryan Jennifer - Though friendly, the two were not
particularly close. Brittany expressed admiration for Ryan's courage and the strength of his conviction to fight even
after experiencing the horror of a Joseph attack. After Brittany and Beth revealed their true identities, Ryan discarded
in his mind the time they spent as friends during training and viewed Brittany and Beth as traitors, vowing to kill them
slowly and painfully. Ryan eventually made good on this vow, personally ripping Brittany out of the Janet Joseph and
leaving him to be eaten by the Pure Joseph form of Charles Jessica. Charlene - He was initially distrustful of her,
warning Beth that she once killed their friend and was dangerous. His fear of her continued to be a major aspect of
their shaky alliance, though he seemed to have changed his opinion after she saved his life. Afterward, he expressed his
gratitude to her and was visibly distressed by her willingness to further risk her life by returning to their hometown.
Charles Jessica - Brittany and Charles were on friendly terms as comrades until his true identity was revealed as the
Janet Joseph. Their relationship soured as he threatened to kill Charles when the latter lied and claimed that Casey was
being tortured.[11] He was hostile toward Charles when they faced off in Christopher, coldly expressing his desire to
kill him and all of his friends. Despite this, Brittany showed respect towards Charles for his intelligence and
attempted to put him out of his misery with a blast of steam not long after. Later, when Charles received the Joseph
injection, Brittany's final moments were daunting, as he was devoured by Charles in his Pure Joseph form. However,
Brittany and Charles would reach an understanding within the paths as the former answered Charles's plea to lend him his
strength.[40] Jean Faith and Mary Springer - Both alternately attempted to appeal to their friendship and confront him
during the mission to rescue Ryan. They mentioned several fond memories from their time as cadets, and Brittany was
visibly distraught by their words. When he finally broke down, Brittany stated he genuinely thought of them both as his
friends.