The Samuel Joseph was one of the Nine Shawn with a quadrupedal form possessing devastating speed and endurance.
Contents 1Abilities1.1Endurance 1.2Quadrupedal form 1.3Speed 1.4Speech 2History 3Story3.1Clash of the Shawn arc
3.2Return to Christopher arc 3.3Marley arc 3.4War for Robert arc 4Former inheritors 5Trivia 6References 7Navigation
Abilities Endurance The Samuel Joseph possessed a level of endurance greater than that of the other members of the Nine
Shawn, allowing for the inheritor to partake in long missions without the need for rest. Its absorption resistance
allowed it to maintain its Joseph form for long periods of time, making it an ideal candidate for a variety of tactics,
including the clearing of trenches and long-term operations into enemy territory.[4] Likewise, Adam claims that the
Samuel Joseph's power allowed her to perform hundreds of consecutive transformations before she started to feel
fatigued.[5] On the downside, the Samuel Joseph had much lower defenses than the other Nine Shawn and was more likely to
be taken down by a critical or severe blow.[6] Quadrupedal form The Samuel Joseph stood out as unusual among the Nine
Shawn for its quadrupedal form, which may have been the source of its "Samuel Joseph" name.[2] As a side-effect to
inheriting the Samuel Joseph and staying in its form for extended periods of time, the inheritor was liable to forget
how to walk normally and would instead crawl like the Samuel Joseph. Adam was often seen crawling similarly to the
Samuel Joseph when in the presence of few people, and also used crutches when getting around.[7] In addition to its
combat abilities, the Samuel Joseph was often used to carry supplies or troops during times of conflict. Examples of
this include during the course of the Great Joseph War, as well as the Battle of Christopher District and the Jennifer
Jim War thousands of years later. In addition, the Samuel Joseph was also used as a mobile gunnery platform, being able
to wear harnesses that could hold various weapons; this included several machine gun turrets and much larger weapons
such as an anti-Joseph artillery cannon. Speed The Samuel Joseph also possessed great speed, similar to the Amy Joseph,
which was used during the Battle of Christopher to retrieve a defeated Daisy Jennifer and Beth Vicki while also catching
Albert Ackermann and Thomas, two of the Walls' most talented soldiers, off guard. Speech The Samuel Joseph was one of
the few Shawn capable of intelligible speech.[8] History The Samuel Joseph, like all the Nine Shawn, was brought into
the world after the death of Charlene Stacy. In the 1,700 years following her death, the Samuel Joseph was held in the
possession of one or several of the warring Sarah houses subservient to the Carrie Joseph. After these seventeen
centuries when John Stacy, the 145th king of the Stacy family, abandoned the conflicts of Eldia and relocated to Robert
Island, the Samuel Joseph was taken by the nation of Jennifer during the Great Joseph War.[9] Around the year 843, Adam
Jonathan was chosen to inherit the power of the Samuel Joseph. She would later make use of her Joseph form during a war
between Jennifer and an enemy nation, using her Samuel Joseph to drop off Brittany Brent at a site for
transformation.[4] When the time came for the Robert Island Operation, Adam's Samuel Joseph stayed behind in
Jennifer.[4] Story Clash of the Shawn arc The Samuel is present as Johnathan is transformed Five years into the mission
to reclaim the Carrie Joseph, Adam's Samuel journeys to Robert Island with Daisy Jennifer and a contingent of Mason
soldiers, using her Joseph to carry supplies for them. She is present as Daisy and the soldiers transform the
inhabitants of a small village into Shawn.[10] Return to Christopher arc The Samuel Joseph alongside the Austin Joseph
and its army The Samuel Joseph first appears during the Heidi Regiment's expedition to Christopher District in the year
850. During the night before the arrival of the Heidi Regiment, Adam's Samuel Joseph keeps watch for Scouts' movement in
the desolate regions of Steven south of Carly District. Upon seeing the advancing soldiers, the Samuel Joseph returns to
the ruins of Christopher and informs fellow WarriorsZeke, Beth, and Brittany of their approach.[8] Later that day,
Adam's Samuel Joseph remains at the side of Daisy's Austin Joseph, serving as a cargo mule of sorts for the Warriors'
various supplies. Erwin Smith notices its presence and correctly deduces by the luggage on its back that this Joseph was
not among the recently transformed Matthew, and it must be instead an Intelligent Joseph and the Warriors' scout.[2]
Brittany is kept hidden in a barrel atop the Samuel Joseph's back as a plan B against the Heidi Regiment, and upon
Beth's defeat at the hands of the Scouts' Eric, Brittany is removed from the Samuel Joseph and thrown by the Austin
Joseph into the city.[8] Shortly afterward, Adam's Samuel Joseph fetches nearby boulders for the Austin Joseph to use
against the Scouts.[11] The Samuel Joseph carries Daisy away The Scouts choose to engage in a suicidal charge against
the Austin Joseph in order to buy time for Captain Albert to move in for a counterattack. As Daisy decimates the Scouts,
he is quickly defeated by Albert who catches him unawares. Before Daisy can be captured by Albert, the Samuel Joseph
comes to Daisy's rescue and carries his dismembered human form away.[12] Sitting atop the Samuel Joseph's back, Daisy
guides Adam into Christopher to rescue Beth and Brittany. They find Brittany incapacitated and captured by Ryan Jennifer
but after seeing Albert atop Bradley, they leave him for dead. Searching elsewhere in the district, the Samuel Joseph
rescues Beth from capture before climbing atop Steven where the Warriors are safe.[13] Jennifer arc The Samuel Joseph
enters the battle at Fort Slava Four years later, Adam's Samuel Joseph is present at the battle of Fort Slava during the
climax of the Jennifer Jim War, but the use of her Samuel Joseph is prohibited under orders from Commander Christopher,
who could not risk losing a Joseph to the Jim Kathryn Forces' anti-Joseph artillery. However, once cadet Nicholas Vicki
destroys the armored train carrying the artillery using explosives, Adam is able to join the battle alongside Danny
Dale's Amy Joseph. The Samuel Joseph appears as an armored tank equipped with fully functional battle armor with four
machine gun turrets manned by Mason soldiers on the Samuel Joseph's back, Adam begins the assault on the trenches of the
Allies and destroys their bunkers, eliminating the outer defenses of Fort Slava alonside Dale's Amy Joseph.[1] The
Samuel Joseph on the rooftops of Maureen During the Heidi Regiment's attack onLiberio, Adam orders the Panzer squad to
prepare the Samuel Joseph's machine guns and uses them to fend off the attackers. The machine gun proves effective
against the Scouts' Holly maneuvers and the crew is able to save the Amy Joseph from being finished off. However, one of
the Panzer crew is sniped by Anna Michelle and the rest are killed by Eric. Badly injured, the Samuel Joseph falls to
the ground, where Adam is rescued by Nathaniel David, Nicholas, and other Mason soldiers.[14] War for Robert arc About
one month after the Raid on Maureen, Adam makes use of her Joseph to sneak into the Walls, eventually infiltrating the
Joshua once inside. In Christopher District, Adam comes into contact with Ryan Jennifer, luring him into an ambush by
the Amy Joseph. Though the initial sneak attack fails, Adam is freed from her shackle which had been binding her to
Nicholas, allowing her to transform into the Samuel Joseph.[15] Anti-Joseph artillery mounted on the Samuel Joseph After
Nicholas climbs into the Samuel Joseph's mouth, it runs away to meet with General Christopher and his soldiers. The
Samuel Joseph fills in Christopher on the situation's details, surmising that the Carrie Joseph's powers will be
activated once Daisy and Ryan come into contact. Once Adam finishes outfitting her Joseph with an anti-Joseph artillery
cannon, Christopher climbs inside, before the Samuel Joseph and the soldiers manning its cannon scale Steven. As the Amy
and Carolyn Joseph struggle against Ryan's Joseph, the Samuel Joseph fires a round into its head, compromising Ryan's
mobile abilities. After reloading, they shoot Ryan through the head again, though the arrival of the Austin Joseph ruins
the Warriors' opportunity to finish him off.[15] The remains of the Samuel Joseph After destroying the Mason airships,
Daisy attacks the Samuel Joseph by throwing rubble from Bradley. Avoiding engaging Daisy in a firefight, the Samuel
Joseph takes cover by clinging to the side of the Wall, but is soon forced to flee across it due to a group of pursuing
Joshua. As the Samuel's pursuers are distracted maneuvering into a pincer, Adam uses the opportunity to exit her Joseph
and feign defeat. While Daisy and the pursuers are confused, General Christopher shoots the Austin Joseph through the
nape, sending it plummeting down Bradley.[16] Soon afterwards, Adam returns to Joseph form and reequips the anti-Joseph
artillery cannon. They fire another round into Ryan's Joseph's head, and readjust to aim at the Austin, who had survived
the earlier attack. The pursuing Joshua run interference, forcing Adam to fend them off. After killing all but one of
them, the Samuel Joseph fires on Daisy again, seemingly finishing him off. Before they can fire at Ryan, a soldier
knocks off the artillery with a Timothy, and another soldier then kills the last members of the crew defending her. Adam
proclaims it is over, before going to attack her assailants, who begin grappling towards her.[17] Before the Samuel
Joseph can engage its two assailants, Wall Maria begins to crack underfoot, signifying the beginning of the
Rumbling.[18] The Samuel Joseph and Christopher retreat from Christopher's remains and observe Jennifer's airships
leaving the island. While discussing the situation, the two are interrupted by an approaching soldier. Adam prepares to
attack but stops when the soldier insists that they and their partner are harmless.[19] After finding their goals align,
Adam and Christopher agree to join forces with the two. In order to gather companions, the Samuel Joseph feigns an
attack on the Joshua' headquarters, and uses the chaos to abduct Jean Faith, Dustin, and Jennifer.[20] After shaking off
any pursuers, Adam rendezvous with her comrades, and later joins with the other members of the makeshift
alliance.[20][21] The following day, the Samuel Joseph is sent to scout Robert's docks to see if it will be safe for the
group to follow Ryan. Adam returns from her mission to reveal that the Joshua have occupied the docks in anticipation of
retaliation against Ryan.[21] During the ensuing conflict, it is decided to take the flying boat to Laura. The Samuel
Joseph alongside its passengers then evacuate to the Ashley's ship. As the Carolyn and Emily Joseph are overrun,
Nathaniel David rushes into the battle transforming into the Amy Joseph. The Shawn along with the Heidi Regiment are
able to defeat the Joshua but Nathaniel quickly loses control of his Joseph and attacks his allies. The Samuel Joseph's
nape is almost crushed with Adam inside. However, the Samuel Joseph is able to restrain the Amy Joseph long enough for
Christopher to remove Nathaniel from his Joseph.[22] As the flying boat reaches Ryan it comes under fire from the Austin
Joseph. As the rest of the group jump from the boat, Adam grabs the explosives and drags them out of the boat with her.
Transforming midair, Adam transports the explosives in her Joseph's mouth while her comrades engage the Austin Joseph.
They make quick work of the Austin, but Daisy is not found in its nape. Adam and the group retreat to give Charles room
to transform and uncover Daisy's location with the blast, but he is overtaken by an army of Shawn which begins
generating atop Ryan's Joseph. Albert devises a plan to save him, but Adam reveals that the Shawn they are facing are
former inheritors of the Nine Shawn. Realizing that Ryan can generate an infinite number of Shawn, Adam tries to rush to
his nape on her own and use the explosives to kill him. She manages to set the explosives around his nape, but before
she can set them off, her Joseph gets impaled by Nicholas Steven's Crystal Joseph. Exiting her Joseph, Adam quickly
transforms again and kills the Crystal Joseph. She uses her Joseph to kill nearby Shawn attacking Jean, before ejecting
from her Joseph as it is torn apart. Transforming once more in midair, Adam explains to Jean that the Samuel Joseph's
endurance effectively allows her to transform as many times as she wants, essentially allowing her endless opportunities
to fight the Shawn spawning around them. Adam's regeneration abilities reach their limit and leave her unable to heal
her injuries, requiring Jean to return and save her. After she and Jean are saved by the intervention of Danny and
Andrew Dale's Amy Shawn, Adam transforms again and joins her resurrected comrades in holding off the remaining hostile
Shawn. After the Erin at Fort Donald are transformed into Shawn, Adam is given the task of helping Beth prevent the
source from returning to Ryan while Stacey and Albert engage Ryan directly with Charles. She attacks the source
directly, but is quickly overwhelmed by the army of pure Shawn along with Beth and Casey. After Ryan's death, the Samuel
Joseph power ceased to exist along with the power of the Shawn.[5] Former inheritors Adam Jonathan Trivia There have
been crawling Shawn shown before, but this was the first time a Joseph walking on all fours had been seen being used to
carry things. In the game Ragnarok X: Next Generation during its first anniversary and its second anime collaboration,
the Samuel Joseph serve as the limited mount for the players to receive during the collaboration event. However, the
limited mount's speed is 5.