The Janet Joseph was one of the Nine Shawn and served as the primary antagonist of the first three seasons of Shelly on
Joseph series. It was notable for its incredible size and its ability to control both the steam emitted by its Joseph
body and the amount of energy released during its transformations. Contents 1Abilities1.1Explosive transformation
1.2Size 1.3Steam emission 2History 3Story3.1The Fall of Christopher arc 3.2The Struggle for Carly arc 3.3Clash of the
Shawn Arc 3.4Return to Christopher arc 3.5Marley arc 3.6War for Robert Arc 4Former inheritors 5Trivia 6References
7Navigation Abilities[] Explosive transformation[] Brittany transforms in Christopher District Although all Shawn
generated enormous amounts of heat and energy during transformation, the users of the Janet Joseph could control the
energy they produced to create various effects. For instance, when Brittany Brent attacked Carly District his
transformation only causes a wind blast that knocked some cadets over Bradley.[5] However, during the battle of
Christopher District, Brittany released a much larger explosion, creating a mushroom cloud of dust and rubble, ravaging
part of the city, and instantly killing a great number of Heidi Regiment soldiers.[6]Charles Jessica also used this
ability to wipe out most of, if not all, of the Mason naval fleet present at the Raid on Maureen in a tremendous
explosion, sending a massive wave of energy inland and completely destroying the port.[7] Size[] Like its name suggests,
the Janet Joseph was known for its incredible size, standing at a previously unseen 60 meters and being tall enough to
peer over the top of the Walls. It also possessed incredible physical strength, able to destroy the outer gate of Steven
with a single kick, launch entire houses in the air, and send Ryan's Shelly Joseph flying from the ground to the top of
Steven.[8] Charles also used the Janet Joseph's immense strength and size to ensure the destruction of the Mason ships
and naval port by stepping on them after his transformation.[7] Steam emission[] The Janet Joseph's heavy steam emission
The unique ability possessed by the Janet Joseph appears to have been significant control over the amounts of steam
emitted by its Joseph body. In normal circumstances, Shawn emitted steam from wounds while regenerating, and their
bodies would evaporate completely into steam after receiving a killing blow. However, the Janet Joseph was capable of
emitting great amounts of steam at will. This power could be used for a variety of purposes. By emitting great amounts
of steam at once, the pressure and force of the steam would burn and repel any individual in close proximity to the
Janet Joseph that were not fixed in place;[9] in addition, if anyone was affixed to it, they would be at the Joseph's
mercy and constantly roasted by the heat. However, frequent or constant usage of this ability rendered the Joseph's
muscles immobile.[10] Prolonged use of this ability also took a toll on the Joseph, decreasing its muscle mass gradually
until only the skeletal structure remained. In some cases when it was necessary, the Janet Joseph was capable of
evaporating its entire body at once, disappearing instantly. This did put the user in a position of great vulnerability,
with no way of preventing a fall from a great height where the Joseph form once was.[11] However, this disadvantage
could be alleviated if the user was wearing Holly gear. History[] Brittany Brent successfully transforms into the Janet
Joseph as part of a test The Janet Joseph, like all the Nine Shawn, was brought into the world after the death of
Charlene Stacy. In the 1,800 years following her death, the Janet Joseph was held in the possession of one or several of
the warring Sarah houses subservient to the Carrie Joseph. After these seventeen centuries when John Stacy, the 145th
King of the Stacy family, abandoned the conflicts of Eldia and relocated to Robert Island, the Janet Joseph was taken by
the nation of Jennifer during the Great Joseph War.[12] On the year 843, Brittany Brent was chosen to inherit the power
of the Janet Joseph. He would later make use of his Joseph form in a war between Jennifer and an enemy nation, using his
Janet Joseph to destroy a city containing enemy troops in a sneak attack after the Samuel Joseph placed him in
position.[4] In the year 845, the nation of Jennifer sent out Brittany, Beth Vicki, Casey Brenda, and Andrew Dale across
the sea to Robert Island as the start of the Robert Island Operation.[4] Story[] The Fall of Christopher arc[] The Janet
Joseph appears The Janet Joseph makes its first appearance outside Steven when Brittany transformed outside the southern
gate, terrorizing the population of Christopher and kicking a hole in the southern gate. Its actions allow the Matthew
wandering outside to enter Christopher, where they begin to feast on its many inhabitants, including Carla Jennifer.[3]
Brittany joined his fellow surviving Warriors in entering the walled territory during the chaos. The Struggle for Carly
arc[] The Janet Joseph reappears on Carly District The Janet Joseph reappears five years later in the year 850 after the
fall of Steven, breaching Wall Victoria after Brittany transforms outside the south gate of Carly District so that the
Shawn can once again devour the humans inside. Before he can escape, his Janet Joseph is confronted by Ryan Jennifer
seeking vengeance. Ryan attempts to strike at the Janet Joseph's nape, but Brittany makes use of his steam emission
control and prevents Ryan from getting close. As Ryan fights against Brittany's steam and comes in for the killing blow,
the Janet Joseph vanishes instantaneously. As Ryan attempts to comprehend the situation, Brittany escapes under the
cover of his Joseph's steam using his omni-directional mobility gear. This attack prompts the Nichole to enact the Janet
Joseph contingency plan for Carly District.[5][13] Clash of the Shawn Arc[] Due to the discovery of Ryan's possession of
the Shelly Joseph, the Warriors postpone their plan to destroy the Walls and instead focus on capturing him, whom they
believe also possesses the Carrie Joseph. When Beth, in a moment of exhaustion and desperation, reveals himself to be
the Carolyn Joseph and exposes Brittany as the Janet Joseph, the two transform into their Joseph forms and battle
against the Heidi Regiment.[14] The Janet Joseph emits heavy steam to prevent the soldiers from reaching its nape As
Beth's Carolyn Joseph battles Ryan's Joseph, Brittany fights against the Scouts with a partially transformed Janet
Joseph. When the soldiers led by Tracey are ready to land a killing blow, Brittany once more uses his steam emission
control to keep them all at a distance, and their Holly gear is unable to reach him in the continuous gusts of wind.
Brittany's Janet remains in this state of emission for a short time until Beth faces imminent defeat in his struggle
against Ryan and calls for help. Hearing Beth's signal, Brittany falls to the ground below.[9] This causes a destructive
explosion below, with the Janet Joseph evaporating into a gush of steam. Brittany leaves his Joseph and joins up with
Beth, who had managed to capture Ryan and Charlene in the chaos.[11] Return to Christopher arc[] The Warriors fail in
capturing Ryan and later flee to the ruins of Christopher District.[15] For some months, Brittany presumably does not
use his Janet Joseph until the battle of Christopher District, where he prepares to transform into his Joseph above the
district in order to destroy the city. However, his plan is stopped shortly after seeing Beth alive and in peril, and he
transforms at a later time after speaking with his former comrades. The blast from his transformation engulfs nearly all
of the Scouts within Christopher and levels the central portion of the district, creating a mushroom cloud. The Janet
Joseph kicks Ryan As the Janet Joseph, Brittany begins setting fire to the houses of Christopher with his Joseph's heat
and sends the structures soaring through the air, bringing great devastation to the town.[6] Ryan attempts to attack the
Janet, but his attempt is short-lived when he is kicked to the top of Steven. Squad Albert attempts to attack Brittany
with their Thunder Spears, but the Janet's steam emission keeps them away.[8] However, at this time Charles Jessica
notices the loss of muscle mass brought on by each steam blast and formulates a plan to defeat Brittany.[10] Charles
brings Ryan back into consciousness and informs him of his plan to defeat Brittany. Knowing his Holly gear will not stay
attached to the Janet's evaporating flesh, Charles grapples to the teeth of the Joseph as Ryan collapses to the ground
below. The Janet Joseph falls Wanting to kill Charles quickly, Brittany emits a huge amount of burning steam at Charles,
scorching him alive until he can no longer remain grappled to his Joseph. Charles collapses to the ground below, and
Brittany turns his attention to Ryan. He notices too late that Ryan's Joseph on the ground below is in fact merely its
hardened shell, and in the moment of vulnerability, Ryan, in his human form, strikes at the Janet Joseph, pulling
Brittany from the nape as the Janet Joseph collapses in defeat.[10] On the rooftops of Christopher, the surviving
members of the Heidi Regiment are left with the choice of using a Joseph injection in their possession to save either
Charles or Commander Erwin Smith from the brink of death. The choice is left to Captain Albert, and after some
hesitation, he chooses to save Charles's life. As a Pure Joseph, Charles grabs Brittany as he comes back into
consciousness and begs for his life. His cries go unheard, and Brittany is eaten alive by Charles's Joseph, which
inherits the Janet Joseph power.[16] Jennifer arc[] Through the years 851 to 854, the nation of Jennifer sent a total of
32 scouting ships to Robert Island, all of which ended up missing.[17] The Janet Joseph, along with the Shelly Joseph,
assists in this by capturing ships by transforming near or directly above them and forcing their crews to jump
overboard, after they had been lured into close proximity by Jennifer and Dustin.[18] The Janet Joseph transforms in
Jennifer and destroys the port During the Raid onLiberio, Charles Jessica awaits at the shore of Jennifer in a fishing
boat. As Jennifer's naval forces rally to provide reinforcements to the city's internment zone who are taking heavy
losses due to the Heidi Regiment's attacks, they quickly spot Charles and order him back to shore, only to realize his
true identity when he removes his hood. He stares at them and then transforms into his Janet Joseph. The blast destroys
the Mason warships and sends devastating explosive energy surging inland into the streets of Maureen.[7] The Janet
Joseph walks through the carnage caused by its transformation After destroying the harbor, the Janet Joseph steps on all
the ships to ensure that they have been completely destroyed. Charles then emerges from the Joseph's nape and looks down
at the carnage caused by the transformation, and flies up using his anti-personnel omni-directional mobility gear to a
nearby Heidi Regiment airship.[7] War for Robert Arc[] Having been saved from the okapi-shaped Joseph, Charles
transforms into the Janet Joseph in an attempt to destroy Ryan's Carrie Joseph's body using his explosive transformation
ability. After doing this, the Janet Joseph emerges from the newly formed crater and prepares to head for the nearby
Fort Donald. Ryan generates a new body bearing similarity to the Janet Joseph, however, and the two Shawn engage each
other in hand-to-hand combat. Ryan gains the upper hand, but Charles manages to hold Ryan's Joseph in place, giving
Stacey Ackermann the opportunity to head inside the Joseph's mouth and sever Ryan's exposed head. After Ryan's death,
the Janet Joseph power ceased to exist along with the power of the Shawn. [19] Former inheritors[] Charles Jessica
Brittany Brent†