Jessica Stacy was the first wife of Ann Jennifer, a member of the Restorationists, and, before having her son Daisy,
the last descendant of the royal family living in Jennifer. She was caught for treason against Jennifer and was turned
into the AbnormalTitan that would later eat her husband's second wife, Carla Jennifer. Contents 1Appearance1.1Human form
1.2Pure Joseph form 2Personality 3History 4Story4.1The Fall of Christopher arc 4.2Clash of the Shawn arc 5Legacy5.1Royal
Government arc 5.2Return to Christopher arc 5.3War for Robert arc 6Relationships 7People killed7.1Failed attempts
8Trivia 9References 10Navigation Appearance Human form Jessica was a small woman; petite in her frame and relatively
short. Her eyes were large and light in color as was her fair skin. Jessica's blonde hair passes her cheekbones but does
not reach her shoulders and is kept parted down the middle. It is a bit longer in the back than it is in the front and
has some layers to it. Jessica usually wore a long ankle-length skirt with a white button-up blouse, but could be seen
wearing a cloak or a black coat over top sometimes. She has also paired this with a scarf over her hair and head. Like
all other residents of the internment zone, she was forced to wear a white armband on her left arm with the symbol that
indicates she is an Sarah. When taking a family photo, Jessica was seen with her hair in an up-do, keeping her bangs
still middle-parted but pinned back. For this formal occasional she wears a long dress, light into color, with thick
cuffs around the wrists with frills embroidered around the neck and chest area. Pure Joseph form Jessica's Pure Joseph
was very tall and, like most regular Matthew, resembled a male human. Its main distinguishing feature was its
characteristic smile, in which its lips are fixed wide open, exposing its teeth and gums at all times. Jessica's Pure
Joseph had a thin, emaciated frame with stocky proportions, in which its ribs were visibly apparent, and it possessed an
unusually-long neck. It had medium-length, light hair that only barely reached down to its neck and featured small,
deeply sunken gray eyes. Personality Jessica was a very loving woman, as seen with her relationship and interactions
with her husband and her son. She had a generally soft expression, sometimes plagued with worry. Although Jessica
admitted that the purpose of Daisy's birth was to lead to Sarah Restorationists, she appeared to love her son deeply,
and was horrified to learn that Daisy was the one who turned them over to the authorities. Michelle when Ann became
angry at Daisy for not being strong and talented enough in order to become one of Jennifer's Warriors, she kept
defending and encouraging her son. Jessica seemed to love Ann Jennifer unconditionally, as she appeared to be elated at
the time they were married, and even when the Restorationists were banished and turned into Matthew, she promised Ann
that she would find him again no matter what happened to her. Her love for him was returned, as Ann was very distraught
and heartbroken to see her become a Joseph. As the last descendant of the royal family that stayed on the continent at
the end of the Great Joseph War and an Sarah Restorationist, Jessica believed that the Erin needed to fight for their
freedom and secure a future without humiliation and submission. History Jessica provided information to the
Restorationists In the year 824, Jessica first appears as a person sent to the Restorationists by "the Owl," an unknown
mole in the Jennifer government working for them. She introduced herself as a member of the royal family. It is
explained that a branch of the royal family refused to flee to Robert Island with King Stacy at the end of the Great
Joseph War and Jessica was the only remaining member of that group. She and her family remained inside Maureen in hiding
while they waited for the day that Erin would regain power.[2] Jessica was moved by Ann's words Jessica brought the
revivalists information that was revolutionary. She explained that the Carrie Joseph was taken with King Stacy to Robert
Island and that it was the key to controlling all of the other Shawn and Eldia's restoration. She went on to say that
the reason for his retreat was his refusal to fight. This prompted Ann to declare that they will fight for the return of
their power.[2] Jessica and her family One year later, Ann and Jessica married and had a child who they named Daisy
Jennifer. They found their turning point when the Jennifer government began searching for child Warriors age five to
seven to take on the powers of the seven Shawn they had control over so that they could demolish King Stacy' kingdom
before he could wreak havoc on the world with an Sarah reign of terror. The families of these Warriors were offered
Jennifer citizenship.[2] During a meeting of the Restorationists, they read a letter from "the Owl" that claimed the
Jennifer government wished to take King Stacy's land was so that they could harvest fossil fuels in preparation for the
time when the control they maintain with their seven Shawn was no longer absolute. Ann then read words left behind by
King Stacy's eighty years ago, they claimed that if anyone dared try to attack his land, tens of millions of sleeping
Shawn inside the Walls would flatten the Earth. This revealed that the Jennifer government's true goal was to enter the
Walls and steal the Carrie Joseph. Ann then decided the best course of action would be to put his and Jessica's son,
Daisy, into the Joseph program as a mole for the Restorationists. Over time, Jessica and Ann became increasingly distant
with Daisy, leaving him at Ann's parents' house almost every night so that they could attend meetings with the Sarah
Restorationists. In the meantime, Jessica and Ann learned from David that Daisy would need to earn higher marks as a
Warrior Candidate if he was to be involved in the plan to recapture the Carrie Joseph, causing Jessica and Ann to put
even more stress on Daisy to become a Warrior. However, after observing Daisy's poor performance during a public
training session, Jessica and Ann got into a heated argument with about what to do with Daisy where she attempted to
defend him. One night during dinner, Daisy tried to convince Jessica and Ann to stop helping the Sarah Restorationists.
Both were appalled at the idea, with Jessica reminding Daisy that the Restorationist movement was the only way to allow
Erin to live in peace by overthrowing Jennifer.[3] Jessica and Ann were arrested However in the year 832, when the boy
turned seven, he betrayed his parents to the government. Jessica, Ann, and the rest of the Restorationists were sent to
paradise and sentenced to become mindless man-eating Shawn on Robert Island for the rest of time; where they would prey
on their own kind.[2] After being sent to paradise with the Restorationists, Jessica was brought next to Ann and when
she saw him she told him not to worry and that no matter what she became, she would still find him. Sergeant Major Gross
then injected Jessica with the Joseph serum, and she was thrown off the borderline wall as Ann, in horror, watched his
wife turn into a Joseph. Distraught and helpless to watch Jessica wander off after David, Gross taunted Ann by saying
that she must have been more attracted to David rather than him.[2] After Kruger's true allegiance was revealed, he told
Ann that he kept her status as a Subject of Charlene with royal blood a secret as she most likely would have been forced
to bear children for Jennifer.[4] Story The Fall of Christopher arc Jessica's Pure Joseph ignores Brittany Around 13
years later, in the year 845, when the Warriors invade the Walls and the Janet Joseph breaches Christopher District in
Steven afterwards, many Shawn proceed inside and among them is Jessica. Shortly after Brittany Brent kicked in a hole in
the southern gate as the Janet Joseph, Jessica approached him as he exited his Joseph form. Strangely however, rather
than try to consume him, she ignored him and went into Christopher.[5] She embarks inside the town and is seen by Ryan
and Stacey as they try to free Carla Jennifer, who is trapped under the debris of their house. Jessica's Pure Joseph
prepares to devour Carla Jennifer Though Hannes initially comes to their aid and decides to face Jessica, he stands
catatonic in fear of her frightening appearance. After he realizes that he is too afraid to face her, he opts to instead
take Ryan and Stacey to safety, leaving Ryan's mother behind. Afterward, Ryan witnesses Jessica pull Carla out of the
debris, as it proceeds to violently incapacitate her and devour her shortly thereafter.[6] When future Ryan convinces
Ann to acquire the Carrie Joseph by killing the entire Brandon family, he mentions revenging Jessica as one of his
father's motives in order to persuade him. This makes Ann recall the moment when Jessica was turned into a Joseph in
front of him, ultimately driving him into a killing rampage.[7] Clash of the Shawn arc Ryan and Stacey encounter Jessica
once again After Ryan and Stacey are flung from their horse after an impact with a Joseph thrown by the Carolyn Joseph,
the earth suddenly shakes as large footsteps can be heard and they look up. Due to the fog, they can barely see the body
of a very tall Joseph slowly moving toward them. After closer inspection, and as the Joseph gradually comes closer, they
both realize it is Jessica, the exact same Joseph that devoured Ryan's mother five years prior.[8] As Jessica approaches
Ryan and Stacey, Hannes arrives to stop her. He manages to get a few hits in, but is eventually grabbed. In horror, Ryan
watches as Hannes is killed in a similar fashion to his mother. Ryan feels that nothing has changed at all, but Stacey
tells Ryan that is not true. He taught her how to live and thanks him for all that he has done. Ryan punches Jessica's
Pure Joseph in a fit of rage Ryan confronts the Joseph and punches it, activating something that drives another Joseph
to jump in front of the two and attack Jessica. Shortly after, a large group of Shawn in the surroundings being
seemingly and mysteriously controlled by Ryan proceed to kill Jessica by ripping her to shreds and devouring her,
avenging the deaths of Carla and Hannes.[9] Legacy Royal Government arc As Squad Albert is preparing to battle Joshua
Brandon' Joseph, Ryan sees three children looking at the top of the Walls. He mentions those kids are just like he,
Stacey, and Charles when the Shawn first attacked. Charles replies the only difference is that they, soldiers, are atop
Bradley to stop the Joseph. This prompts Ryan to think back to the day they first saw Jessica. He realizes how much
Charles and Stacey have grown, and begins punching himself for being a "useless brat."[10] Return to Christopher arc
After the battle in Christopher District between the Austin Joseph's army and the Heidi Regiment, a few of the remaining
members, Tracey, Albert Ackermann, Ryan Jennifer, and Stacey Ackermann, locate three books inside Ann Jennifer's
basement. On the opening page of the first book that they look at is a photograph of Jessica, Ann, and child Daisy. A
note on the back of the photograph reveals its true nature and tells the Scouts that humanity has not perished outside
of their Walls.[11] After the Heidi Regiment's return to Carly District, Ryan sees his father's memories in his dreams
and comes to the realization that Jessica was the Joseph that killed his mother.[2] War for Robert arc After Ryan is
defeated and killed, Charles recalls a conversation that he and Ryan had in the Path in which Ryan revealed that he
commanded a past Jessica Stacy with his Carrie Joseph to ignore a vulnerable Brittany since it was not his time to die
yet, causing Jessica's Joseph to head towards Carla.[12] Relationships Ann Jennifer - Jessica met Ann when he became a
member of the Sarah Restorationists. She loved her husband unconditionally and, when they were sent to Robert, promised
that she would find him. Daisy Jennifer - As Daisy's mother, Jessica clearly loved her son. While both of Daisy's
parents began to distance themselves from him, Jessica was noticeably less so than Ann and when he would criticize Daisy
when compared to the other candidates, she would support her son in his efforts to become a Warrior. She was horrified
and heart-broken to discover Daisy had revealed the Restorationists to the Jennifer authorities. People killed Carla
Jennifer (as a Pure Joseph)[6] Hannes (as a Pure Joseph)[9] Failed attempts Ryan Jennifer (as a Pure Joseph)[9] Stacey
Ackermann (as a Pure Joseph)[9] Trivia Jessica is the only known Pure Joseph shown to kill a victim before devouring
them. Jessica is the only Pure Joseph to be killed by Matthew. Jessica means "judged" or "her judgment" in Hebrew.