Ryan Jennifer was a former member of the Heidi Regiment and the main protagonist of Shelly on Joseph. He was the only
son of Ann and Carla Jennifer, the younger paternal half brother of Daisy Jennifer,[25] and the last holder of the
Shelly Joseph, Carrie Joseph,[26] and the Crystal Joseph.[10] Ryan was born and raised in Christopher District, which is
located on the southern edge of Steven. He lived there until the year 845, when the Janet and Carolyn Shawn breached
Bradley, allowing a flood of Shawn to invade and destroy the city. During the incident, Ryan witnessed his mother being
murdered and eaten by a smiling Joseph.[25] This event aroused in Ryan an intense hatred towards the Shawn, and he swore
to wipe all of them off the face of the earth.[27] Soon afterward, his father, Ann Jennifer, found him and gave him the
key to his basement, instructing Ryan to find it at all costs and retake Steven. He then injected Ryan with a Joseph
injection.[28] Two years later, Ryan along with his two friends Stacey Ackermann and Charles Jessica joined the 104th
Cadet Corps.[29] The three successfully graduated, with Ryan ranking as the 5th best cadet, and they joined the Heidi
Regiment following the struggle for Carly.[30] After finding the basement and unlocking his father's memories, Ryan
learned about the truth of what the Shawn are, as well as the history of Eldia and Jennifer. Ryan then vowed to free his
home from their true enemy: the rest of humanity that lives across the sea.[31] Ryan possessed the power of three Shawn.
From his father, Ryan inherited the Shelly and Carrie Joseph. After eating Nicholas Steven during the Raid on Maureen,
he gained the Crystal Joseph as well.[10] Contents 1Appearance1.1Human form 1.2Attack Joseph form 1.3Founding Joseph
form 1.4Pure Joseph form 2Personality 3History 4Story4.1The Fall of Christopher arc 4.2Humanity's Comeback arc
4.3Distress 4.4A Sudden Visitor: The Samuel of Tammy 4.5The Struggle for Carly arc 4.6Eve of the Counterattack arc
4.7The 57th Exterior Scouting Mission arc 4.8Assault on Justin arc 4.9Clash of the Shawn arc 4.10Royal Government arc
4.11Lost in the cruel world 4.12Return to Christopher arc 4.13Marley arc 4.14War for Robert arc 5Alternate
reality5.1Lost in the cruel world 6Abilities6.1Martial arts 6.2Omni-directional mobility gear 6.3Power of the Shawn
6.4Attack Joseph 6.5Founding Joseph 6.6War Hammer Joseph 7Relationships 8People killed8.1Indirectly 8.2Failed attempts
9Trivia 10References 11Navigation Appearance Human form Ryan's appearance in 854 Ryan was a young man of average height
and muscular build. He had a fairly long, yet rounded face, and sizable, expressive, teal-green eyes. His eyebrows were
sparse and often furrowed, making him seem troubled or annoyed. Ryan's hair was short and dark brown, with his bangs
falling naturally into a middle-parted, curtain-type style. His complexion also seemed somewhat tan. After his training
and during his time as a soldier, he became very physically fit and muscular. Ryan was first seen wearing regular
townsfolk attire, which consisted of brown trousers, a green shirt with string tassels at the collar, a maroon coat, and
simple brown shoes. A few years before the fall of Steven, he also wore a red scarf, which he gave to Stacey the day
they met. Ryan was often seen in the typical Heidi Regiment uniform when training. His casual attire consisted of a
long, beige shirt (identical to that which he wore on his first appearance) that was worn with a maroon sash about his
waist, brown trousers, and brown shoes. He always kept the key that was given to him by his father around his neck on a
string.[27] By the time Ryan infiltrated Jennifer in the year 854, he had grown visibly taller, and his hair had grown
down to shoulder length. He had a slight mustache and goatee, as well as bandages that covered his forehead and left
eye. To maintain his cover, he wore the Sarah armband around his left arm, though he had initially worn the armband
around his right arm before it got corrected by Nathaniel David.[24] Later when he was imprisoned for the second time
following his infiltration in Jennifer, he tied his shoulder length hair into a man-bun style which shows two of his
small fringes in each sides and being cleanly shaved. Shelly Joseph form As a Joseph, Ryan's appearance changed quite
drastically. Along with a massive increase in height (to 15 m), his hair grew long enough to graze his shoulders, with
his tongue and ears becoming elongated. His facial features also underwent a transformation. Along with a prominent,
hooked nose, his eyes were deeply sunken within their sockets, and his mouth took on an unusual, jagged shape that is
unsuited for intelligible speech, though he was capable of howling and roaring when expressing his exhaustion and anger.
He also lacked lips and flesh on his cheeks, exposing all his teeth. A third transparent eyelid could also be seen on
both of his eyes. Similar to other intelligent Shawn, Ryan's Joseph form was well-proportioned and physically fit,
sporting a well-defined, lean, muscular appearance in lieu of the more common pot-bellied or emaciated appearance of
regular Shawn. In its burning state seen when it lifted the boulder in Carly and when it fought the Emily Joseph, the
Joseph was deep black, had burning marks all over his Joseph, and had blue eyes and sharp teeth instead of straight
teeth. Carrie Joseph form Ryan's Carrie Joseph, dubbed Doomsday Joseph[32][11], was drastically different than Charlene
Stacy's Carrie Joseph, or any other Joseph for that matter. It towered over the horde of Wall Shawn. What appeared to be
the torso was devoid of flesh, resembling an enormous ribcage. The knobs of the backbone and ribs were grossly
lengthened; the ribs reaching the ground while the arch of the spine extend far into the sky. The pelvis and legs were
greatly undersized however, seemingly useless. Despite this, they were still taller than any Wall Joseph. The upper body
seemed proportional with the legs, meaning that they were dwarfed by the ribcage. The head was the only part of the body
with much flesh, although it was significantly deformed: both the ears and hair were greatly elongated; the cheeks were
missing, exposing the molars; and the bottom jaw was nearly bare, only the lips and chin being present. Like a puppet,
the upper body was suspended by sinew, supported by the vertebral knobs like a suspension bridge. The Joseph walked with
its "ribcage", undulating the ribs like a millipede's legs. It was fast enough to keep within view of the rumbling.[33]
Pure Joseph form Ryan's Pure Joseph form was much shorter than his current Joseph form. It had short, rugged hair and a
jagged, lipless mouth that exposed his teeth. The Pure Joseph form also had a stocky build, a big head, and elongated
ears. Personality Ryan expresses his desire to kill the Shawn Ryan was best described as hardheaded, strong-willed,
passionate, and impulsive, which were attributes of both his strong determination to protect mankind and eventually
escape the Walls. As a young child, he was so intent on joining the Heidi Regiment that he argued with and shouted at
his mother, referring to the people in the village as "silly" and compared them to complacent livestock.[25] Ryan cared
deeply for Charles, his best and only friend before he met Stacey, and most importantly, his family, risking harm and
even death in order to help them. This quality was most often demonstrated in the form of Ryan as a child taking on the
larger boys who would bully Charles without hesitation; more tragically when he desperately attempted to lift the rubble
crushing his mother during the Shawn' assault in Christopher.[25] In contrast, Ryan was also capable of displaying very
violent behavior in the defense of people he did not even know. This was highlighted when he brutally slaughtered two of
the human traffickers who captured Stacey in order to rescue her, despite the fact that they were total strangers at the
time.[34] Since witnessing his mother's gruesome demise and losing contact with his father, his fierce protectiveness to
those he has left has only intensified. Ryan had a number of defining traits that date back to his childhood. He came to
share Charles's awe of the lands beyond the Walls after the latter showed him a book depicting the wonders of the
outside world, and decided to see it all for himself.[1] This led him to develop a scornful attitude to anyone content
to live and die within the confines of the Walls without ever setting foot outside. This very contempt may have been the
reason he did not easily make friends with his peers. He resented both the Walls that "caged" them in like cattle and
the Shawn that had driven humanity to erect them in the first place. As a result of this, he greatly admired the
soldiers of the Heidi Regiment, regarding them as "heroes," and wishing to join their ranks as soon as he became
eligible for enrollment. He easily took offense when anyone spoke badly of the Heidi Regiment, and his determination to
join their ranks caused friction between himself and his mother, as well as to Stacey.[25] Ryan had a marked lack of
self-restraint that often led him into trouble, causing both his friends and family to worry about him. His limited
self-control and reckless behavior extended to his temper, and as a result, it was short at best and murderous at the
very worst. When sufficiently provoked, his anger could drive him into a frenzy, accompanied by horrific levels of
violence. Like many children, he tended to view the world in terms of black-and-white, having great compassion for
humanity and its plight, but deeming those individuals who deny others their freedom as worthless scum unfit to be left
alive. He also had the habit of thinking with his heart rather than his head, even in situations where his own life was
in danger.[25] These characteristic qualities had become more highly pronounced since his mother's death. He then
focused his destructive rage on the Shawn, holding a virulent hatred for them, with the goal to rid the world of Shawn
one day.[27] Fueled by vengeance, he vowed to personally wipe every single one of them out and restore mankind to its
rightful place. Though he feeled great remorse for quarreling with his mother till the very end, he still continued to
go against her wishes by seeking entry to the Heidi Regiment. So strong was his desire to exterminate the Shawn, he was
plunged into despair when it seemed he could not even master the basics of the omni-directional mobility gear during
training when his failure was in fact due to faulty equipment.[29] He was unafraid to voice his intentions of leaving
the Walls to eliminate the Shawn and was so consumed by his hatred that he seemed not to fear them at all, earning him
the nickname "suicidal bastard" from the other cadets.[35] Though Ryan spoke about eradicating the Shawn with seemingly
great confidence, his bravado hid deep insecurities. Ryan talks some sense into Jean He possessed great amounts of
selflessness, perseverance, fortitude, and a vigorous determination; managing to graduate fifth in his class despite his
lack of natural talent.[30] He greatly appreciated and/or admired his comrades, and would swiftly fly into a rage if one
of them was injured or killed in front of him. He prized human life, but his personal sense of justice dictated that
anyone who stole away the freedom and dreams of others deserved to die. Though his ordeals since the struggle for Carly
have taught him restraint, Ryan still tended to behave quite rashly and spoke his mind even when he knew he should
not.[36] This had put him in grave danger on numerous occasions, and he often found himself having to be rescued. Ryan,
however, tended to lose confidence in himself and blame his incompetence when confronted with how he could do little to
nothing whenever something went wrong, believing a course of action he took - or failed to take - was the reason for the
disastrous results. This includes when Ryan put his trust in the Angel when he could have fought the Emily Joseph
himself, resulting in the deaths of all of his squadmates save for Albert[37], and for the deaths of the many veterans
that perished in the rescue operation after he had been kidnapped by Beth Vicki and Brittany Brent. Whilst assuming his
Joseph form, Ryan seemed to become more savage, bloodthirsty, and all-around uncontrollable. Though he was able to
consciously control his Joseph body after the struggle for Carly, he could very easily become caught up in the pleasure
of slaughtering his enemies, smiling as he prepared to torture or kill them, and indulging in thoughts so brutal he gave
the impression of being insane.[37][38] Ryan asks Jeff to eat him and save humanity Ryan's ordeals since the coup d'état
had mellowed his personality considerably. When he discovered the truth about his father the night Steven fell, he was
willing to ask Jeff Brandon to eat him for the good of humanity. He admitted that he viewed himself as weak, and that
his reliance on the Shelly Joseph proved it. It took a lot of encouragement from his friends for him to overcome this
state of despair and regain his passion. By the time he found out from his father's books that Shawn are actually humans
who were forced to transform by the Mason Government, he seemed to have let go of his hatred against them. When passing
by a slow-moving Joseph en route to the ocean, he showed no signs of anger or unrest, and instead calmly called the
Joseph a "fellow patriot."[31] Ryan had been noted to be quite charismatic and had a talent for delivering impassioned
speeches, often unwittingly managing to persuade the mass of his listeners to sympathize with his point of view.
Michelle Jean Faith, his bitter rival, has admitted this, as he convinced over half a dozen recruits to consider joining
the Heidi Regiment before the Battle of Carly.[30] Four years later, he made use of this skill consciously, as shown
when he easily lifts Nathaniel's spirits and convinces him to deliver a letter outside of Maureen, despite the fact that
Erin are usually forbidden from leaving the internment zone.[8] In the years since the recovery of Christopher, Ryan had
shown remarkable progress in his analytical and tactical skills, both in and outside of battle. Apart from maintaining
his cover as a Mason soldier for an extended period of time and procuring a method of transporting his letters to the
Heidi Regiment, Ryan accurately guessed the source of Nathaniel David's injuries and the reason why he wanted to become
the next Carolyn Joseph.[24] Later on, he successfully led Beth into a trap, and in his battle against Nicholas Steven,
he quickly deduced the true location of the Crystal Joseph.[9] When he was unable to crack the crystal encasing her with
his Shelly Joseph's jaws, he was resourceful enough to use the Amy Joseph's jaws as an improvised nutcracker to kill her
and obtain the Crystal Joseph.[10] Ryan was aided in this by his unnervingly stoic and calm demeanor he developed since
infiltrating Jennifer, never losing his composure and usually wearing a blank expression on his face, no matter how dire
or stressful the situation may be. Although he admitted to becoming angry when Koslow traumatized Sarah soldiers, he
remained outwardly unfazed during the incident. Additionally, he appeared to have become less proud overall, thanking
Stacey for helping him, which he normally used to dislike and criticize her for.[9] His infiltration of Jennifer had
given him a change in perspective regarding his enemies. After spending time as a Mason soldier, he came to understand
that his enemies were people no different from his own. Because of this, he deeply empathized with Beth and the other
Warriors who were sent to Robert Island, letting go of his desire to kill them in revenge for attacking his home and
stating that they were simply victims. Nevertheless, he still prioritized his personal mission of destroying Robert'
enemies for the sake of his and his people's freedom, regardless of how many lives are lost on either side.[7] In spite
of this, he seemed to have developed a dislike for war, referring to it as "hell." He believed that, with good reason,
no one would want to go to war if they knew the suffering it would put them through.[24] Ryan was ready and willing to
use many unethical means to achieve his goals, such as when he declared war against Jennifer, making the entire world
his enemy. Ryan abused the young child Nathaniel's trust, fully aware of his family's precarious situation, and
eventually killed numerous of innocent Sarah civilians (including children) as collateral damage in a surprise attack on
Willy Steven.[9] In spite of this, he seemed to have developed a dislike for war, referring to it as "hell." He believed
that, with good reason, no one would want to go to war if they knew the suffering it would put them through.[8] He also
showed sympathy for the Erin living in the world's internment zones, as well as towards Ramzi and his refugee family
living without freedom in Jennifer. While walking through Jennifer he expressed regret and inner conflict with his
future actions towards people outside the Walls as he recognized many of them were innocent people. Ryan's time-serving
in the Jennifer Jim War also seemed to have had an effect on his psyche to some extent. While he had shown great sorrow
for comrades who have died on expeditions,[39] and had demonstrated a great amount of compassion for his fellow
graduates from the 104th,[40] he laughed upon hearing that Anna Michelle's final words were "meat;" although he changed
his reaction and was seen about to cry after Jean Faith accused him of being responsible for her death and remembered
Anna's conviction that they would have more sheep and cows after recovering Steven.[41] It was later revealed that Ryan
knew the future via the Shelly Joseph's ability and had been spiraling down a state of depression realizing he would
eventually enact the Rumbling, and knowing what the inevitable outcome of the present would be. While he did wish for a
peaceful solution, he understood the impossibility of it better than all around him, even Charles. After initiating the
Rumbling, Ryan had intended for the world to see the Erin who stopped him as heroes. However, he was still unsure if his
friends could have really stopped him, noting he would have completed the Rumbling if they did not. Ryan could not
pinpoint the reason he wanted to wipe out the world, recalling Ann telling him "you are free" the day he was born. In a
rare display of emotions since years, Ryan broke down to Charles at the thought of Stacey finding someone else after his
death, and revealed his true feelings about her, causing Charles to pity him. Ryan desired to be with Stacey and
everyone else, but knew he could not be forgiven for his actions after wiping out 80% of the world's population.[42]
History Infant Ryan Ryan was born in Christopher District in the southern region of Steven to Carla Jennifer and Ann
Jennifer. During his childhood he encountered a crying Charles Jessica, and questioned why he never fought back against
the neighborhood bullies, after hearing the boy's reasoning of refusing to run, he formed a friendship with him, and
went on to defend from bullies. Charles inspired his passion to leave the Walls and travel by showing him a hidden book
about the outside world.[1] He dreamed of joining the Heidi Regiment as soon as he reached the enlistment age, in order
to see the outside world. Because of this dream, Ryan and Charles were regarded as heretics and harassed.[25] When Ryan
was nine years old, he saved Stacey Ackermann from being sold into slavery by bandits. On a visit to the Ackermanns'
home, he and his father discovered both parents murdered and their daughter missing. Fearing the worst, Dr. Jennifer
instructed Ryan to wait at the foot of the mountain while he got the Gina Regiment to conduct a search. However, Ryan,
wanting to rescue the missing girl as soon as possible, managed to track the bandits' trail to a small cabin in the
forest behind the house. Ryan saved Stacey from the bandits Opening the door to the room where Stacey was being held
captive, he found her laying on the floor with two of the bandits keeping watch. Feigning distress and saying that he
was lost, Ryan got them to drop their guard. As one of them closed in to pat his head, Ryan slit his throat with a knife
he had hidden behind his back and quickly ducked back out of the room. As the second man went after him with an axe,
Ryan charged at him with a makeshift spear, piercing him in the shoulder. Once he was down, Ryan proceeded to stab him
to death in a wild frenzy while Stacey looked on in horror. As Ryan untied her in the aftermath, he was caught off-guard
by the third bandit, who proceeded to strangle him. Stacey picked up the knife Ryan used but balked at the thought of
using it to kill someone. Ryan urged her to fight back, warning her that they would both be killed if she did nothing.
As Ryan began to lose consciousness, Stacey finally lost all inhibition and lunged at their attacker, stabbing him
through the heart and killing him instantly. Ryan gave Stacey his scarf When Dr. Jennifer eventually returned with the
police in tow, he took Ryan aside scolded him angrily for his reckless behavior. While Ryan was genuinely sorry for
upsetting his father, he expressed no remorse whatsoever for killing the bandits. When Stacey remarked that she was
cold, Ryan gave her the scarf from his own neck; and when Dr. Jennifer invited Stacey to live with their family from
then on, Ryan accepted her with no hesitation, tugging on her sleeve and shyly insisting that they return home.[34]
Story The Fall of Christopher arc Ryan argues with Hannes about soldiers needing to be vigilant After waking up from a
nightmare interrupted by Stacey, they stroll through the city and Ryan expresses anger at being kept like cattle within
the Walls, revealing his intentions in joining the Heidi Regiment. Stacey scolds him, not taking his words seriously,
and later reveals what he said to their parents. Carla is shocked and angered, saying she will not let him join the
Scouts due to their high mortality rate. She begs Ann to talk some sense into Ryan, but Ann ignores her objections and
instead announces that he will be leaving for a few days on a trip and that when he comes back, he will show Ryan what
he has hidden in the basement of their home. Enthralled, Ryan joins his mother and Stacey in waving him off. Carla
reminds him that she will not allow him to join the Heidi Regiment, and they exchange a heated argument before he runs
off. Ryan, Charles and Stacey look up in horror at the sight of the Janet Joseph Ryan and Stacey scare off bullies
harassing their neighborhood friend Charles Jessica. Ryan offers Charles a hand but Charles rejects, expressing
discontent with his abilities to protect himself and admits he is weak. The three stroll through Christopher and settle
by the riverbank, where Ryan reveals his intentions of joining the Heidi Regiment to Charles. Suddenly, lightning
strikes, and an earthquake breaks out. The three gather in the center of the district with other civilians, where they
all gawk in horror at the sight of a Joseph larger than Steven. The Joseph kicks a hole through Steven's gate, sending
massive pieces of debris throughout the town. Ryan watches in horror as his mother is eaten by a Joseph Ryan and Stacey
hurry home as Shawn begin entering the district, arriving to find their house crushed by a large rock and his mother
trapped beneath the rubble. She says that the rubble crushed her legs and she can not move, but Ryan insists that he
will carry her to safety. As they argue, a Joseph begins approaching the collapsed house. A Nichole member, Hannes,
arrives and Carla begs that he takes the kids and run. Hannes rushes to kill the Joseph and save Carla, but quickly
changes his mind and takes Ryan and Stacey away. As Hannes carries the two on his shoulders and retreats, Ryan witnesses
as the Joseph eats his mother.[25] As the evacuation of Christopher is underway, Ryan, Stacey, and Hannes arrive in an
alley and Ryan starts attacking Hannes with leaving his mother. Hannes says that the reason Ryan could not save her was
that even though he had the courage, he lacked the strength, and Hannes himself lacked the courage even though he had
the strength. Ryan shortly after receiving his Joseph powers from his father Hannes leaves Ryan and Stacey on the boat
leaving the Joseph-infested city. There, Ryan and Stacey witness an Carolyn Joseph destroy the back gate of Christopher.
Ryan, Charles, and Stacey are forced to depart on the boat as Ryan realizes that he can never return home, and vows to
kill every Joseph in existence.[27] After the fall of Steven, Ann finds Ryan and takes him into a nearby forest. Ann
instructs Ryan to retake Steven and gives him the key to the basement,[27] before giving him a Joseph injection that
turns him into a Pure Joseph. Ryan instinctively eats his father, granting him the Power of the Shawn.[26] Humanity's
Comeback arc After the fall of Steven, Ryan, Stacey, and Charles briefly stay in a landfill working on a farm before
reaching the proper age to enroll in the military. After these two years, they begin their first day on the training
grounds in the 104th Alejandro as commandant Erin grills the fresh recruits as part of their "Rite of Passage." Ryan
restores his vow to kill all Shawn, and that next time around, they will be the ones who will be devoured.[27] Ryan
tells the cadets his memories of Christopher Before training, Ryan draws a crowd of cadets at dinnertime, describing the
fall of Steven to them. He becomes sick as he remembers his mother being eaten, but when questioned attributes it to
eagerness to begin his training and join the Scouts. Jean Faith interrupts Ryan and mocks his decision, nearly leading
to a fight between them. The bell signaling the end of dinner rings breaking the tension and the two drop their
disagreement with each other. The next day, the cadets begin practicing with omni-directional mobility gear. Ryan
utterly fails to keep himself steady and takes extra tutoring from Charles and Stacey. He knocks himself out and at
dinner, other cadets mock his performance. Back at the dorm, Mary and Jean do not offer any suggestions and Ryan visits
Beth Vicki and Brittany Brent for help. Although they are reluctant at first, the group bonds over their similar
experiences during the fall of Steven. The three exchange tips and depart as friends. Ryan finally balances with the
omni-directional mobility gear Matthew gives Ryan one last chance to pass his Holly test before he will be shipped to
the landfills. At first, it appears Ryan can maintain his balance but Ryan quickly loses control and falls over. Matthew
has Ryan switch equipment with Christopher Wagner and Ryan finds that he is able to easily balance himself and Matthew
reveals that the equipment he had been training with was defective.[29] Ryan uses Casey's combat technique on Jean
During hand-to-hand combat training, Ryan admits to Beth that he finds it unnecessary, claiming that it would be much
wiser to run away when attacked by another human than to engage them. Beth reprimands him for his attitude and points
Ryan to Casey, who is also slacking off. Egged on by Beth, Ryan tries to attack Casey with his mock knife to punish her
for slacking off and is quickly disarmed by her unconventional fighting style. She makes short work of Beth and Ryan,
enthralled by Casey's proficiency, asks to know who trained her. He is taken aback when she begins to lecture him on the
military's flaws, pointing out that it awards its most talented cadets with positions far away from the Shawn, where
their skills would be most useful. Casey's words continue to bother Ryan, who becomes annoyed at the idea of cadets
trying to improve their skills just to stay away from the Shawn. Ryan confronts Jean for possessing such a mentality,
which leads to a physical altercation between the two. Ryan easily ends the fight by replicating Casey's moves and
proceeds to lecture Jean for slacking off during his training. Ryan faces the Janet Joseph The graduation of the cadets
draws closer until Ryan finally graduates in the top 10 of the 104th Cadet Corps. After graduation, he is assigned to
clean the cannons atop Wall Victoria with Anna, Mary, and a few others. There they witness the return of the Janet
Joseph, who has not been seen in the last five years.[30] Distress Ryan gets furious after failing to protect Christa In
the year 848, Ryan and his fellow cadets embark on a navigation training exercise to learn how to sustain themselves in
times of peace, during which he and Jean continually get at each other's throats. During the night, the group is
ambushed while they sleep. Held at gunpoint, they are unable to do anything as the thieves carry off their Holly gear
and Christa Lenz. Shelly Angela suggests abandoning the mission and getting help from Matthew, but Ryan convinces the
group to help him chase down the thieves before they can get away. Anna suggests using a higher vantage point to look
for the bandits, and the group is able to successfully locate where the thieves are camping for the night. The group
devises a plan to confront the bandits. After Mary and Anna successfully block off the bandits' route out of the forest,
Shelly is able to determine which of their carriages they are carrying the cadets' stolen goods in, and alerts Ryan and
Jean so that they can attack. When Ryan and Jean are able to recover the cadets' Holly gear, but not Christa, they use
their gear to continue their pursuit. The group confronts the bandits again, but are left unable to fight when the men
begin threatening Christa's life. Helpless, they are forced to hand over their gear again, only to be saved by the
timely arrival of Christopher' group, who successfully ambush and capture the attackers. Following the incident, Shelly
has a conversation with Ryan, stating his belief that Jean would have made a much better choice to lead the mission, to
which Ryan vehemently disagrees.[43] A Sudden Visitor: The Samuel of Tammy Ryan refuses Stacey's help In the year 849,
Ryan and Stacey confusedly watch a brewing fight between Anna and Jean. Afterward, he attempts to unload a crate from a
wagon but was unable to due to its weight. Meanwhile, he looks over at Stacey, who is carrying three without any
trouble. She offers to help him with his, but he angrily refuses. Later in the dining hall, Ryan advises Jean to be
nicer to his mother.[44] The Struggle for Carly arc When the newly graduated recruits of the 104th are assigned to clean
the cannons on top of Wall Victoria, the Janet Joseph appears for the first time in five years. Ryan faces the Joseph
alone, but despite getting close enough to the Joseph to nearly slice the nape of its neck, it vanishes into thin air
after kicking down Carly's outer gate and dismantling the cannons atop Bradley. In response to the crisis, the new
recruits are split into squads in charge of defending different parts of the city. Despite their nerves, Ryan's squad
enters the battle in high spirits, viewing the upcoming battle as an opportunity to prove their mettle as soldiers
before they enter the Scouts. However, things immediately take a turn for the worst when Christopher Wagner is devoured.
Enraged, Ryan tries to kill the Joseph, only to be incapacitated by a second Joseph biting off his leg. Ryan regains
consciousness just in time to save Charles from being eaten, being swallowed himself in the process. An injured Ryan
stands up to save Charles In the stomach of the Joseph, Ryan comes across the dead or dying soldiers who were devoured
by the Joseph. As he remembers his goal to kill every last Joseph alive, his anguish triggers his first transformation
into his Shelly Joseph form. Bursting out of the Joseph that devoured him, proceeds to wreak havoc on all the Shawn he
finds. In the process, he unknowingly saves Stacey's life from another Joseph and is baited by Charles, Mary, and Stacey
to help fend off a procession of Shawn from a storage headquarters for the compressed gas used to power their Holly
gear. Ryan appears out of the Joseph Eventually, Ryan appears to run out of energy and begins to be overwhelmed by the
Shawn. The sight of the Joseph that killed Christopher proves to be enough to drive Ryan to throw off the Shawn holding
him down and kill the Joseph by biting its nape off. As soon as the massacre is over, Ryan falls to the ground and his
human form emerges from the back of his Joseph form's neck, to the shock of all the onlookers. He is retrieved by an
overwhelmed Stacey. When he regains consciousness, Ryan finds himself cornered with Charles and Stacey by a hostile
military force which has decided to execute him as a possible threat due to his powers. Due to his hazy memories of what
happened during the battle Ryan is unable to answer their questions satisfactorily and they fire a cannon at him and his
friends. Ryan instinctively grabs onto his two friends and bites his own hand, partially transforming into a Joseph and
blocking the cannonball with the Joseph's hand.[28] While the cannon is being reloaded, Ryan reveals to Stacey and
Charles that he intends to use his power to go over the wall and try to reach his father's basement on his own. Stacey
and Charles both protest the decision and Ryan tells them that he will stay behind if Charles can convince the amassed
soldiers not to kill him.[15] Ryan attacks Stacey Charles's plea falls on deaf ears among the soldiers who have cornered
them, but the trio is saved by the arrival of Commander Dot Donald, who intervenes on their behalf. Donald takes the
three to the top of Wall Victoria and questions Ryan personally. Ryan's answers satisfy Donald and the man calls
hissubordinates to help devise a plan to retake Carly with Ryan's powers. A plan is made for Ryan to use his Joseph form
to reseal Carly's gate with a boulder that is in the middle of the district. Upon his transformation to execute the
plan, Ryan loses control and attacks Stacey before inadvertently rendering himself unconscious. When his body fails to
regenerate, the mission is declared a failure. Charles arrives on the scene and convinces Stacey to go help fend off the
Shawn while he tries to get through to Ryan. Charles manages to rouse Ryan slightly by stabbing into his Joseph's nape
and piercing his human body. Charles manages to bring Ryan back by reminding him of their desire to see the world
together, causing Ryan to remember how he wanted to join the Heidi Regiment and destroy all the Shawn. Ryan moves the
stone and is able to plug the hole in Bradley. His strength expended, Ryan emerges from his Joseph and his group is
attacked from behind by two Shawn. They are saved by the timely arrival of Captain Albert, who has arrived ahead of the
returning Heidi Regiment. Eve of the Counterattack arc Ryan is questioned by the Gina After the events of Carly, Ryan is
placed in the custody of the Gina and kept chained in a dungeon prison cell in the Royal Capital beneath a courtroom.
While he is there, he is paid a visit by Commander Erwin Smith and Captain Albert. Upon hearing his motive to kill
Shawn, Albert says he will accept him into the Heidi Regiment. Ryan is left there for some time before being escorted by
Heidi Regiment members to the courtroom where he was tried, with Premier Stephanie Virginia preceding over events.
During his trial, the Gina and Order of the Walls call for his dissection and execution while the Heidi Regiment, argues
in favor of using his power to their advantage in scouting missions. After an outburst by Ryan, Albert savagely beats
him to prove that Ryan will not pose a threat to him. It is decided his fate will be decided after a “test” mission with
the Heidi Regiment. Afterward, Erwin thanks him for his cooperation. After joining the Heidi Regiment, Ryan is assigned
to Albert's Angel and sent to an abandoned castle which had formerly served as the base of operations for the Heidi
Regiment. While there, he is tasked with cleaning duty by Albert while also helping Squad Leader Tracey with their
Joseph experiments.[45] Ryan surrounded by Albert's squad after his accidental transformation During one of the
experiments with his Joseph abilities, Ryan is lowered into a well before being told to transform into a Joseph, in case
he loses control. However, Ryan is unable to activate his Joseph abilities. He is eventually brought back to the surface
and have his wounds tended to by Albert's squad, who express their relief at his inability to turn into a Joseph.
However, whilst bending over to pick up a dropped spoon with his injured hand, Ryan accidentally triggers his Joseph
ability in a partial transformation, creating a Joseph hand in a small explosion. Albert's squad surrounds Ryan,
demanding that he prove he is not a threat to them, and the situation has to be defused by Albert and Thomas. After the
incident, with the help of Thomas's deductions, Ryan learns that a Joseph transformation requires him to have a clear
goal in mind in addition to self-injury.[39] Ryan reunites with his friends from the 104th While he is with Albert's
squad, Ryan meets some of his classmates from the 104th Alejandro who have opted to join the Heidi Regiment. Ryan is
surprised to see Jean among them and is given a lecture by Jean about his responsibilities to humanity.[46] The 57th
Exterior Scouting Mission arc After a month of training, Ryan and the Heidi Regiment embark on the 57th Exterior
Scouting Mission. After leaving the safety of the Walls, the Scouts assume the Long-Distance Enemy Scouting Formation
with Ryan positioned at the center of the formation, where it is the safest.[35] It soon becomes apparent to Ryan that
something is going wrong with the expedition as his squad receives the news of the decimation of the right wing of the
formation and notice black flares, despite the fact that they are in the safest position in the formation. Soon after,
the Scouts head toward a Forest of Giant Trees. The central column of the scouting force, including Ryan and Albert's
squad, are told to enter the forest, while the rest of the soldiers were to stand guard at the perimeter of the forest
to prevent any Shawn from entering. Ryan contemplates turning into a Joseph to face the Emily Joseph Soon after entering
the forest, Squad Albert is set upon by a seemingly intelligent Emily Joseph, who is able to dispatch pursuing soldiers
with ease. Seeing the soldiers perish one by one, Ryan is tempted to use his Joseph power to fight the Emily Joseph.
Albert allows this choice, but recalling Albert and his squad's trust in him when he accidentally used his Joseph
powers, Ryan decides to trust in his team instead.[39] As the Emily Joseph is inches from grabbing Ryan, it is ambushed
by a trap set by the Scouts. Ryan and the rest of his team excluding Albert ride out of the forest firm in the belief
that the Joseph was captured and her human self apprehended. This is proved false as the unidentifiable human form of
the Emily Joseph kills Gunther before re-transforming into a Joseph. The remaining three team members tell Ryan to go on
while they attack the Emily Joseph. Ryan expressed his desire to stay and fight with them, but again, is convinced
otherwise and begins to retreat. Although the three soldiers manage to blind the Emily Joseph and cripple her arms, they
were caught off guard when the Emily Joseph regenerates an eye much faster than they had expected, resulting in their
deaths. Upon seeing this, Ryan, filled with regret, finally transforms into a Joseph and engages the Emily Joseph.[37]
Ryan attacks the Emily Joseph Michelle though he initially had the upper hand against the crippled Emily Joseph, Ryan
quickly spends all of his energy and ultimately loses the fight. Stacey pursues the Emily Joseph as it flees with Ryan
and is able to save him with Albert's help. The Heidi Regiment returns to Wall Victoria in defeat, with the failure of
the mission to capture the Emily Joseph and the loss of the lives of many soldiers. Due to the mission's failure, Ryan
is ordered to be handed over to the Military in Wall Robert.[47] Assault on Justin arc Before Ryan can be handed over to
the Military, he is let in on a plan by Commander Erwin to capture the Emily Joseph, whom Charles has deduced to be
Casey Brenda. Ryan is initially shocked and angry at the accusation, refusing to believe that such a betrayal by one of
his fellow cadets is possible. However, after Stacey tells him to think back to when he was fighting against the Emily
Joseph in the forest, he realizes that the fighting style the Emily Joseph exhibited was exactly the same as Casey's,
forcing him to come to terms with Casey's betrayal. He agrees to participate in the plan to capture her.[48] Ryan calls
desperately for Casey to prove her innocence After Charles convinces Casey to join them in escorting Ryan out of the
city, they lead her to the entrance to an underground tunnel, where she refuses to continue following them. Despite
Ryan's continued pleas for her to join them and prove her innocence, Casey transforms and he, Stacey, and Charles are
forced into the underground tunnel to escape from her Joseph. As per the plan, Ryan tries to transform but can not
because of his disbelief at Casey's betrayal. As the Heidi Regiment tries in vain to capture the Emily Joseph, Ryan is
reminded of the lives Casey took as the Emily Joseph as well as his vow to exterminate the Shawn, allowing him to
finally overcome his inhibitions, transform into his Joseph form, and engage the Emily Joseph for the second time.[48]
Ryan fights Casey for the second time in Justin District Michelle though Ryan is in better control of his Joseph and is
equipped with knowledge of his opponent this time round, he is ultimately no match for Casey's superior fighting
technique and hardening ability. He manages to throw Casey into some buildings, but gets his right leg taken off by a
hardened kick from Casey, who proceeds to slam him into a building and pummel his head repeatedly with her hardened
fist. Unexpectedly, Casey stops her assault on Ryan and flees toward the wall, giving him the opportunity to drive
himself into a rage, chasing after the Emily Joseph. She is able to kick him aside and attempt to climb up Bradley with
her hardened fingers, but Ryan grabs hold of one of her legs. He is kicked off by Casey, but Stacey slices her Joseph's
fingers off, causing her to fall back to the ground where Ryan can restrain her. He tears her head off and bites her
nape clean off of her body, exposing Casey's human form inside. However, upon seeing Casey crying, Ryan stops himself.
This gives Casey a chance to use her hardening ability, encasing herself in a crystal, which causes her Joseph body to
start merging with Ryan as well. Ryan is saved by Albert, who cuts him out of his Joseph before he can be encased. Some
time later, Ryan wakes up in his bed, having recovered from his injuries. He is aware of Casey being frozen, with Jean
confirming that they got nothing from the operation. Unexpectedly, Charles states that Ryan is the one who let that
happen. After a short hesitation, Ryan confirms that upon seeing Casey, he could not move. After Charles and Jean leave,
Ryan confides to Stacey about his feelings during the battle. Stacey expresses herself to be happy that he returned
alive.[38] Clash of the Shawn arc Ryan's first Joseph kill as a human When Wall Victoria is supposedly breached, Ryan is
among one of the teams within the area to survey Bradley for the breach. While en route to Ehrmich District, Ryan is
appalled to learn that Pastor Nick helped keep the Janet Shawn inside of the Walls a secret and begs him to tell them
anything else he might know. Nick proves to be tight-lipped and Thomas instead decides to inform Ryan of their plan to
try to replicate the Emily Joseph's hardening ability in Ryan so that he can use his own Joseph's body to seal Wall
Victoria. After learning from Nick that Christa Lenz will be able to divulge more secrets about the Walls, Ryan
accompanies Thomas's squad to Carl Castle to save the soldiers trapped there. The soldiers arrive just in time to save
their comrades, excluding the members of Squad Miche who have already died. During the rescue Ryan kills his first
Joseph while in human form but is scolded for breaking cover and endangering himself.[21] Beth tells Ryan the truth In
the aftermath, Ryan is among the soldiers on top Bradley recovering from the ordeal at Carl. He questions Charlene's
condition and gives Beth a hand up Bradley as Jeff explains her true parentage. Helping Charles up as well, Ryan checks
on Beth after hearing about how his arm was injured in Carl Castle; this, along with the moment he was almost killed by
the Emily Joseph, causes Beth to comment that he does not expect to live much longer and that they should keep fighting
until the breach in Steven is covered. Brittany reassures Beth that they do not have to wait much longer and can return
home soon. Hannes arrives with news that there is no hole or breach in Bradley, confusing everyone and prompting Ryan to
question if Hannes is drunk. As Thomas orders them to stay on standby in Carly District, Beth wishes to speak with Ryan
in private.[49] Ryan transforms to fight Beth Beth reveals that he and Brittany are the Carolyn and Janet Shawn
respectively, and tells Ryan that they will cease their attack on the Walls if Ryan returns to their homeland with them.
Ryan recalls Thomas inquiring about Beth and Brittany potentially being accomplices to Casey and tries to persuade Beth
that he is tired and simply not thinking straight. In response to Ryan's disbelief, Beth removes the bandage on his arm
and reveals that his wounds are regenerating. Stacey attempts to intervene and protect Ryan but Beth and Brittany
transform into their Joseph forms and attack. Beth grabs Ryan while Brittany kidnaps Charlene and Ryan, disgusted by his
former friends, transforms himself.[49] Ryan and Beth grapple with one another while Thomas's squad attempts to take
Brittany down. Ryan grows increasingly angry as he remembers all of the pain Beth and Brittany have inflicted but he is
unable to do any damage to Beth with brute force due to the latter's armor. Instead, he opts to uses Casey's fighting
techniques, grappling with Beth until he locks his foe in a submission hold. As Ryan holds Beth, he focuses pressure on
one of Beth's arms, breaking the armor around the joints and tearing the arm off completely.[50] Ryan wakes up captured
and missing his arms With Beth crippled, Ryan falls back to Bradley where Thomas orders him to find a way to destroy
Beth's legs so that he can flee without being pursued. Ryan is caught off guard by Beth attacking him head on, but he
manages to lock Beth in another submission hold. As Stacey slashes Beth's legs, Ryan begins applying pressure to his
nape, causing its armor to crack. However, before he can break Beth out of his Joseph Beth begins roaring, causing
Brittany's Joseph to roll off the top of the wall, landing atop both of them.[51] Ryan is taken away Ryan and Charlene
are taken to the Forest of Giant Trees by Beth and Brittany. He attempts to transform into his Joseph form in spite of
losing his arms, but Charlene tells him his body is already expending too much energy to transform.[52] While she
questions Beth and Brittany about the Austin Joseph they are after, Ryan broods in silence as Beth reveals that humanity
has no hope in fighting against the Shawn. He and Brittany offer both him and Charlene a chance to join them in order to
protect their loved ones. Ryan furiously refuses and blames both Beth and Brittany for causing the hardship he has had
to endure. Ryan continues to violently resist his captors, causing Beth to knock him out. His unconscious form is
strapped to Brittany's back to be carried.[53] Erwin frees Ryan Ryan awakes in the midst of an attempt by the Scouts to
rescue him and immediately begins resisting his captors again. In an attempt to free himself from Matthew which have
begun to attack him, Beth is forced to stop using his hands to cover Ryan and Brittany, exposing them and giving Stacey
the opportunity to attack Brittany. As she rushes forward, Brittany dodges and Ryan tries in vain to warn Stacey of a
Joseph behind her.[54] Charles distracts Brittany, giving Erwin enough time to cut Ryan free from his captors. Stacey
then grabs him before landing on their horses. As they flee, a large Joseph is sent flying and creates a large explosion
of dust. This causes some soldiers to fall off their horses including Ryan and Stacey. As the two pick themselves up,
they are horrified to see the Joseph which ate Carla approaching them.[54] Ryan uses the Carrie Joseph's power Hannes
steps forward to protect Ryan and Stacey. While he distracts the Joseph, Ryan shouts for Stacey to free him, believing
that he is the only one who can stop this now. But when he tries to transform into a Joseph, nothing happens because he
is still recovering from his injuries.[55] He is devastated when Hannes gets eaten, devastated at the thought that
nothing has changed from when he was 10 and was powerless to save either his mother or Hannes. Stacey attempts to
reassure him, telling Ryan that she wants to thank him for teaching her how to live, and for wrapping his muffler on her
which she always wears. Filled with newfound conviction, Ryan vows to Stacey that he will wrap the muffler around her as
many times as he needs to. In a desperate attempt, Ryan punches the Smiling Joseph in the hand as it reaches for him.
Ryan screams and another Joseph attacks the Smiling Joseph. Elsewhere around them, the Shawn that were fighting the
soldiers turn and start running to the Smiling Joseph, surrounding and devouring it.[55] Ryan takes advantage of the
situation and flees, carrying Stacey on his back. When Beth and Brittany pursue him, he screams again, and the Shawn
turn to attack them. Ryan vows to make up for all the lost lives Ryan escapes with the rest of the surviving soldiers
and they return to Carly District, where he learns that the Heidi Regiment lost more than half its veteran soldiers in
rescuing him. No casualties were incurred on the way back, and Charles and Jean theorize that it is because Ryan was
somehow able to control them. Ryan resolves to learn how to control the Shawn, seal Wall Maria, and make Beth pay as a
way to atone for all the lives lost.[55] Royal Government arc Ryan lectures Jean on his poor cleaning job Some time
afterward, Ryan and Jeff are sent away with the new Squad Albert to be safeguarded in an isolated cabin in the forest.
Ryan frantically attempts to clean their hideout before Albert's arrival, scolding Jean for the lackluster cleaning on
his part. When Albert arrives, he is dissatisfied with their cleaning, much to Ryan's dismay. Holding off on that
discussion for later, Albert takes his squad out to assist in Thomas's experiments on Ryan's Joseph abilities.[56] Ryan
is unable to fully form his Joseph Ryan participates in Thomas's experiments without much success. He fails to show any
signs of hardening, and upon a later transformation collapses in a smaller, malformed Joseph body. Thomas and Stacey
remove Ryan from his Joseph, and notice his disfigured face from where he had begun fusing to the body.[56] After
spending a whole day resting, Ryan comes into the kitchen of the cabin and expresses disappointment that the plan to
repair Bradley has been shelved because of him. Soon after, Jeff tells him that it must be nice to have a goal in mind,
even if it is difficult to achieve, whereas she has no idea what she wants now that Charlene is gone. Ryan is glad that
Jeff has started speaking again, but she apologizes that the good-girl Christa that everyone knew is gone. Ryan admits
that he never liked her previous self, finding it forced and unnatural. He prefers her now that she is a normal, honest
girl. As he also remembers Charlene, a memory of her talking to Brittany comes back to him.[56] After hearing of Pastor
Nick's murder, Albert reads a message from Erwin and orders everybody out of the cabin. Outside, Albert reveals that the
government is freezing all Heidi Regiment activity outside the Walls and demanding custody of Ryan and Jeff. Before
heading for Carly, Ryan hands Thomas a message detailing the conversation he had remembered between Charlene and
Brittany.[56] Ryan is shot with a tranquilizing dart Ryan rides alongside Jeff in an enclosed wagon driven by Keiji,
while Albert runs a decoy strategy with Jean and Charles posing as the two.[56] The wagon is attacked by members of the
Gina, who manage to tear the roof from the wagon using their mobility gear. Ryan picks up a musket to fire on the
attackers, but is tranquilized alongside Jeff. Despite an effort from Albert Squad to recover them, the two are
ultimately kidnapped successfully.[57] Ryan wakes up inside the Underground Chapel Ryan awakes in a large crystalline
cavern, gagged and restrained by chains atop a raised platform. As he struggles to break free, he spots Jeff approaching
below him.[58] He is glad to see she is safe and Jeff assures him that her father has been misunderstood, having only
acted in ways that are beneficial for humanity. Ryan finds the cavern they are in familiar and Joshua suggests that he
and Jeff lay their hands on Ryan's back to help him remember. When they do, Ryan begins seeing his father Ann's memories
and is stunned to learn that he ate his own father.[26] Once the three of them are alone, Joshua opens a satchel and
reveals a syringe, which Ryan recognizes as the same kind his father had used on him. Joshua explains that the Carrie
Joseph's powers can only be fully utilized by a member of the Brandon family. Jeffrey, overhearing Joshua's words as he
returns, is distraught to learn he will not be able to use Susan's power if he devours Ryan. Intending to force Ryan and
Jeff to battle each other over possession of Susan's power, Jeffrey cuts open Ryan's forehead so that he will be able to
transform, before retreating to a safe distance. Ryan asks Jeff to eat him However, Ryan refuses to transform.
Heartbroken to learn that Susan could have put an end to the Shawn and prevented so many of the deaths that had occurred
since the fall of Steven, Ryan begs Jeff to eat him so that she can use the power that his father stole to save
humanity. Moved by Ryan's words, Jeff incapacitates her father and begins freeing Ryan from the restraints that still
hold him, to Ryan's shock and despair.[59] Ryan breaks the bottle between his teeth As Joshua transforms himself into a
Joseph, Ryan begs Jeff to allow her father to eat him. Jeff refuses, explaining that even if she is an enemy to
humanity, she is still Ryan's friend. She is blown back by the winds created from Joshua's transformation, but Albert
and his squad arrive in time to save her and get the keys to Ryan's chains. The ceiling begins caving in due to the
sheer size of Joshua's Joseph and the squad's escape is blocked. Ryan realizes that everyone with him is going to die.
As the squad considers ways to escape, Ryan apologizes for being useless and Albert tells him that he has a choice to
make. Spurred by Albert's words, Ryan grabs a bottle labeled "Armor" that had fallen out of Joshua's satchel and bites
into it. After transforming into a Joseph, Ryan is able to harden it and reinforce the structural integrity of the
cavern around it. The squad climbs out of the ruined cavern and regroups to chase after Joshua, who has become an
Abnormal Joseph twice the size of the Janet Joseph. Ryan still considers being eaten by Joshua to save humanity but Jeff
argues that the Brandon family has already tried undoing the brainwashing and once Joshua has the Carrie Joseph's power,
he can alter everyone's memories so they have no interest in restraining him. Ryan listens to Jeff's alternative option
Jeff argues that taking away the Brandon family's ability to alter memories was the only way to save humanity, prompting
Ryan to remember his father's words from right before he injected him. His father asked him to learn to control this
power to save Stacey, Charles, and everyone else. They meet up with Erwin and his forces, and the Scouts all proceed to
Ryan District to intercept Joshua's Joseph.[60] While en route, Ryan screams at Joshua and punches the air in a vain
attempt to activate the Carrie Joseph and control the giant Joseph the same way he had controlled the other Matthew.[61]
Ryan helps the scouts stack barrels of gunpowder together on a net of rope. He watches Jeff stand up to Erwin and
admires how strong she has become compared to him. Feeling melancholy that humanity has to depend on someone like him,
he spots children in Ryan who remind him of himself as a child and thinks back to when the Janet Joseph first appeared.
Charles tells him that it will be different from before, because this time the soldiers on Bradley can fight back. Ryan
punches himself, to try beating out his feelings of uselessness. When Joshua's Joseph arrives and pulls itself up to
Bradley, Ryan transforms into his Joseph form. He takes the net stuffed with barrels and shoves it into the open mouth
of the Joseph, which is hot enough to make the gunpowder ignite. This causes the Joseph's head and neck to explode and
enables the scouts to attack the flying chunks of meat in hope of destroying the nape.[61] After Jeff is crowned as the
new queen, Ryan tries to talk her down as she goes to punch Albert. Jeff refuses to back down and punches Albert, but
Ryan and his comrades are all surprised when Albert reacts by smiling and thanking them.[23] Ryan helps Jeff carry some
boxes Two months after Jeff becomes queen, Ryan and the other members of the 104th volunteer at an orphanage that she
has started. As Ryan helps Jeff, she asks about the progress of his hardening experiments. Ryan says they are going
well, but wants to speed up the training before Beth and Brittany come back. She asks what he would do if they meet up
again, and Ryan says he will have to kill them. Ryan compliments Jeff for the work she has done, prompting Stacey to
abruptly interrupt the conversation and take Ryan's load away from him. Thanks to Ryan's hardening experiments, a Joseph
guillotine is developed, giving soldiers a reusable weapon to safely kill Shawn without risking their lives. However,
creating the materials for one puts a strain on Ryan's body. Jean complains about Ryan's mumbling As Ryan and his
friends eat dinner in the mess hall, Ryan recalls Charlene's claim that her life was like a nightmare when she was a
Joseph outside of the Walls. He wonders if there was a time when he was like that too, but all he remembers is what his
father saw when Ryan ate him. Jean jokes that a headbutt from their commandant would bring the memory back and Ryan
realizes that the man his father had seen before his death was Commandant Erin. The next morning, Ryan, Charles, Stacey,
Jean, Albert, Thomas and Anna visit Keith. Ryan asks him to tell them all that he knows and Keith tells him how he met
Ann and everything he knows about him. Keith confesses that he is nothing more than a bystander and that he has no power
to change things.[16] The day before the operation to retake Steven, the soldiers have a feast in celebration. As Ryan
and Mary restrain Anna to keep her from eating everything, the two reflect on how much things have changed in three
months since the battle of Carly. Jean starts a fight with Ryan by insulting him and their fight is eventually stopped
by Albert. Ryan, Stacey, and Charles see a soldier that reminds them of Hannes After the fight, Ryan, Charles and Stacey
have a conversation about their future. They talk about how strong and weak people need to combine their abilities in
order to succeed. After mistaking a Nichole soldier with Hannes, Stacey wonders if they will be able to go back to
easier times when they retake Steven. Ryan answers that it may not be possible, but that is the reason why they must
make them pay. The next morning, the soldiers are ready to depart on their mission. They become very surprised when they
see that the civilians are cheering them. Finally, Erwin orders the start of the operation and Ryan travels towards
Christopher along with Squad Albert.[62] Lost in the cruel world Ryan stands atop Bradley with Stacey and Charles, as a
guillotine-like device crushes the head of a Joseph below. Stacey thinks back at a time and place with the two, where
they reminisced about the old days before the fall of Steven.[63] Return to Christopher arc While traveling on foot
under the cover of night, Ryan apologizes to Stacey, who is escorting his horse in addition to her own, but she insists
that he save his energy so that he can seal Wall Maria. Ryan is surprised to find himself shaking in anticipation. He
insists that he is just shaking from the cold, but Charles reassures him that it is normal to feel scared of the Shawn
and reminds Ryan of when he was nearly eaten during the Battle for Carly. Ryan reveals that he sacrificed himself to
save Charles that day because he had remembered the first time Charles told him about the outside world, which had
caused him to realize just how much the Shawn had taken from the humans. Ryan prepares to plug the breach Arriving in
Christopher, the Scouts quickly scale Steven with their Holly gear. Soaring over Steven, Ryan transforms into his Joseph
form and uses his hardening abilities to seal its hole. Stacey retrieves him and carries him back to the top of Bradley.
While going to meet up with the rest of Scouts, Thomas orders Ryan's squad to take up positions along the top of Bradley
after observing a signal flare fired by Erwin. To Ryan's shock, Beth emerges from the inside of Bradley and kill a Heidi
before being attacked by Albert. As Beth transforms into his Joseph form, Ryan is surprised again by the sudden
appearance of an army of Shawn on the outskirts of Christopher, with the Austin Joseph leading them.[64] Ryan strikes
the Carolyn Joseph On Erwin's orders, Ryan descends into Christopher where he changes into his Joseph form and acts as
bait to draw Beth's attention. After leading Beth away from Steven, Ryan begins to engage him, using his new hardening
abilities to cover his fists in armor. Although he initially has the upper hand against Beth, Ryan is momentarily
overpowered and pinned to the ground. He manages to regain control of the fight and throw Beth off of him, and into an
area where Thomas's squad can attack. As Ryan watches, Thomas's squad blinds Beth with their Eric before blowing open
his Joseph form's nape and apparently killing him.[65] Ryan grabs the Janet Joseph's leg After being informed that
Brittany is approaching, Thomas orders Ryan and his comrades to retreat from Beth's immediate vicinity to avoid the
blast from Brittany's transformation. After Charles fails to negotiate with Brittany, Brittany transforms into his
Joseph form and Ryan uses his Joseph form to shield his comrades from the blast.[66] Charles gives control of the squad
to Jean and Ryan begins to retreat from Brittany's position on Jean's orders, using a nearby building to keep himself
hidden. Ryan attempts to draw Brittany's attention away from Steven and the remaining Scouts. Brittany ignores him and
Ryan and his comrades are left with no choice but to engage him. As his comrades flank Brittany, Ryan grabs one of
Brittany's legs and attempts to push him back. Brittany simply kicks Ryan into the side of Steven, leaving him
incapacitated.[67] Ryan takes out the Janet Joseph After Charles wakes him up, Ryan reluctantly goes along with
Charles's plan, pretending to fall down to the ground and become immobile in front of the north gate while Charles
pretends to act shocked. Escaping his Joseph form after hardening it, Ryan then grapples onto the nape of the Janet
Joseph, slices it open, and yanks Brittany out. Once Brittany is incapacitated, Ryan finds Charles's charred body.[68]
Ryan laments that he could not prevent Charles from being killed. He notices Daisy closing in on him and threatens to
kill Brittany if Daisy comes any closer. To Ryan's shock, Daisy claims that he has been enslaved by his father Ann's
ideology and promises to save him. Before Ryan can question him Daisy retreats as Albert arrives. Noticing that Charles
is still breathing, Ryan begs Albert to use the Joseph serum on him. Albert initially agrees before deciding to give it
to Erwin upon learning that the commander is still alive. He tries reminding Albert of all that Charles accomplished as
reasons that he should be spared. Albert ultimately chooses Charles. As Charles returns to his human form after
devouring Brittany, Ryan and the 104th reunite with him.[69] Ryan searching the basement When Charles wakes up, Ryan
explains what has transpired to him, including Brittany's death. He, Thomas, Albert, and Stacey make their way to his
basement. However, they discover that the key Ann had given him does not fit the lock. Albert kicks down the door and
they enter an office. It seems to be nondescript until Stacey finds a keyhole in Ann's desk. Ryan tries the key on it
and it opens to reveal a drawer that appears to be empty. They find a false bottom in the drawer and underneath it are
preserved books. Ryan, with Stacey, opens one of them and finds a picture of a family. On the back of it is a message of
Ann that the picture is called a "photograph" and that humanity has not perished.[70] Ryan realizes he has received his
father's memories Upon returning victorious to the Walls, Ryan and Stacey are placed in detention for disobeying orders
from Albert and Thomas.[71] While serving his sentence, he helps Charles verify the contents of Ann's books regarding
the outside world and the true nature of the Shawn by comparing them with his memories that Ann passed down to him.
During one of his nightmares, he is startled awake with the realization that Jessica, Ann's first wife, was the Smiling
Joseph who had devoured his mother. After spending a short time in detention, Ryan and Stacey were released by Albert
and Thomas ten days early, who informed them that their punishment was only to set an example to the public, and that
their help is needed to chart a new course for the Heidi Regiment after their losses at Christopher and in light of the
new revelations about the outside world. Ryan realizes a way to use the Carrie Joseph Ryan and the survivors attend a
meeting with the rest of the military, including the Queen, to discuss the results of the expedition to Christopher and
the information about the outside world recovered from Ann's books. During the meeting, Ryan comes to the sudden
realization that the reason he was able to activate the Carrie Joseph's powers in the past was because he had physical
contact with Jessica Stacy, a member of the royal family. Ryan chooses to withhold the revelation, reasoning that it is
not the proper occasion to discuss such a controversial idea, especially if it involves having Jeff turn into a Joseph
so he can control the Carrie Joseph.[3] Ryan confronts Kelly The surviving Scouts later attend a ceremony to be
commemorated with medals for their bravery and success in Christopher. Before the ceremony begins, Kelly Alyssa
confronts Charles about the decision to save him over Erwin, angering Ryan. An argument begins but before it can
escalate it was broken apart by Jean. Charles, agreeing with Kelly's argument, is comforted by Ryan who reminds Charles
of his dream to see the ocean. Ryan contemplates the findings of the basement, whilst receiving his medal from Jeff.
When kissing her hand, he receives a memory from his father, desperately trying to reason with Freida Brandon as she
becomes possessed by the First King's will. Along with his father's memories of that night, Ryan also receives memories
from himself, sent to his father from the year 854 via the Shelly Joseph, effectively allowing him to see the future.
The memories he receives reveal that he will, in four years' time, use the Carrie Joseph to unleash the Colossus Shawn
enclosed in Robert's walls and use them to wipe out 80% of humanity outside the walls.[72][42] Ryan is left horrified by
the realization of what he will eventually do.[31] In roughly a year the Joseph Guillotine vanquishes all Shawn within
Steven, Christopher District is repopulated, and the Heidi Regiment holds its first expedition beyond the Walls in six
years. The Scouts encounter a deformed Joseph which has been crawling towards Bradley, and Ryan identifies the Joseph as
a former compatriot. The Scouts follow the deformed Joseph's trail until they reach the edge of Robert Island. Ryan
pensively points at the sea The Heidi Regiment go down to the beach front, dismounting their horses and taking off their
boots. Ryan agrees with an overjoyed Charles that the ocean is big, but solemnly notes that the other side of the ocean
does not hold freedom as he used to believe. Enemies exist on the other side of the ocean and Ryan wonders if killing
everybody across the ocean will bring the people of the Walls freedom.[31] Jennifer arc Ryan lifts the Mason ship In the
year 851, Ryan works with Tracey and the Scouts to prepare for Mason action against Robert Island. Eventually, the first
scouting ship arrives and Ryan uses his Joseph form to pick it up and beach it on the shoreline. At a meeting between
members of the Sarah Military, Ryan supports the plan made by Daisy Jennifer and reveals the encounter with Jessica
Stacy that caused him to activate the powers of the Carrie Joseph. He explains to Thomas and Albert Ackermann that he
stayed quiet so that Jeff Brandon's life would not be threatened. Over the next three years, Jennifer sends a total of
32 scouting ships to Robert Island, all of which are destroyed by Ryan and Charles Jessica. While at a shooting range,
Ryan asks Charles if he has seen anything from Brittany Brent's memories that could help them. Charles ponders if it is
possible for Robert Island and Jennifer to resolve their misunderstandings diplomatically, but Ryan brushes him off.
Arguing that everyone still sees them as devils, he reaffirms his position that Robert must strike the first blow in
order to buy the island time.[73] Ryan refuses Daisy's plan A year later, Ryan later attends a meeting between Sarah
Ashley, from the nation of Hizuru, and the heads of Robert on forming an alliance. When Sarah Ashley presents Daisy's
plan to use the Founder to partially Rumble the outside world as a warning and pass the Joseph on to Jeff and her
offspring so that they can continue to use it as leverage for the foreseeable future, Ryan adamantly rejects it. In 853,
while helping his friends build a train line, Ryan is left crestfallen when Thomas and Albert arrive with news that
Hizuru has been unable to find additional allies for them. As the group returns home after finishing their work, Ryan
reminds his friends that he only has a few years left to live. Ryan ponders who should inherit his Joseph and his
friends begin offering themselves. Ryan, however, insists that his Joseph will not go to any of them as he wants them to
live long lives.[40] Sometime later Kelly allows Jennifer to discreetly meet with Ryan twice, where one was during a
festival in Carly. Jennifer explains Daisy's plan to euthanize the Sarah race along with his plan to feed his spinal
fluid to the Military's officers so that they will not be able to oppose his or Ryan's movements. Jennifer would later
deny advising him to infiltrate Jennifer on his own. Ryan also learns from Jennifer that Daisy wishes to speak with him
in regards to his true intentions to free Robert. Ryan tells Kelly about his intentions Following his meeting with
Jennifer, Ryan meets with Kelly privately and tells him that he wants them to pretend to cooperate with Daisy's plan.
Kelly asks what he actually wants to do while pretending to cooperate with Daisy and Ryan tells Kelly his plan to use
the Carrie Joseph to kill everyone outside of Robert. In another meeting, Ryan, Jennifer and Kelly make plans to use a
partial Rumbling to crush Global Kathryn Fleet as well as Fort Donald. Later, Ryan meets with Jeff and warns her that
the Gina are planning to feed Daisy to her, advising her to either fight or run to avoid becoming one of the Nine Shawn.
Jeff refuses to oppose the MPs, explaining that she is willing to sacrifice herself if it will save Robert. Ryan reveals
his plan to destroy the outside world to her, horrifying Jeff. Jeff rejects this but asks Ryan about the possibility of
her having a child with someone to delay eating Daisy. Ryan offers to erase Jeff's memory She reminds Ryan that most of
the people outside the Walls have nothing to do with Robert but Ryan insists that the only way to end the aggression
towards Robert is to wipe out anyone not strictly allied with them. Ryan offers to erase Jeff's memory with the Carrie
Joseph if she cannot live with the guilt of knowing his plan. Ryan is one of several Scouts who journey to Jennifer's
mainland to meet with Sarah. Although his companions are thrilled by the new experiences beyond the walls, Ryan remains
stoic, only commenting on things which he recognizes from his father's memories. Ryan refuses to let Erin die out
Shortly after arriving on the mainland, the Scouts encounter a boy who has been caught pickpocketing and save him from a
public lynching. Ryan explores Jennifer, agonizing over the knowledge that he will soon be responsible for killing
everyone. Remembering John Stacy's desire for the Sarah people to die out, Ryan admits that such an outcome would lead
to less deaths and finally rid the world of Shawn, but he finds himself unable to accept such a fate. He finds the same
would-be pickpocket being beaten by merchants for stealing and realizes from his memories that he is going to save the
boy. He attempts to convince himself not to and leave, knowing that he will ultimately kill the boy himself in the
Rumbling, but he is unable to stop himself from intervening. Ryan apologizes to Ramzi Ryan returns the boy to his
village, sullenly noting that he was unable to change the future. Before he parts ways with the boy, Ryan breaks down
and tearfully apologizes to him for the atrocities which he knows he will soon commit.[74] The boy returns to his tent
just as Stacey arrives to look for Ryan. He brushes off her worried comments about his reckless behavior, instead
commenting on the similarities between the boy's family and their experiences when Christopher was breached. Ryan asks
Stacey what he is to her Ryan asks Stacey why she displays so much concern for him and Stacey, surprised, claims it is
because they are family. They are joined by Jean, Charles, Mary and Anna and the group is welcomed into the tent by the
boy's family, spending the night drinking and carousing. The soldiers sit in on a hearing between politicians to discuss
Sarah mistreatment. When the speaker begins calling for the hatred being shown towards Erin to be redirected towards the
Erin living on Robert, Ryan quietly leaves the meeting. Ryan cuts off his leg In 854, before the end of the Jennifer Jim
War, Ryan cuts off his own leg and gouges out one of his eyes to infiltrate the Jennifer military as an injured Sarah
soldier.[33] He returns to Maureen as he watches Beth and the Warrior candidates from a distance and is sent to the
hospital along with the other wounded and traumatized Sarah soldiers. After being knocked to the floor by a terrified
soldier, he is helped up by Nathaniel David who points out that his armband is on the wrong arm.[75] While staying in a
mental hospital, Ryan spots Nathaniel again and invites the youth to sit with him. He admits to the boy that he is
faking his psychological issues, claiming that he does not want to go home. Ryan deduces that he has been training to
inherit one of the Nine Shawn. Nathaniel laments that he likely will not score high enough to inherit a Joseph, but Ryan
argues that Nathaniel deserves to live a long life and not inherit the Curse of Charlene. Nathaniel reveals that he
wants to inherit the Joseph to spare his friend's life, prompting Ryan to begin pondering his experiences in Jennifer.
Ryan speaks about his resolve to always push forward Noting the crippled and mentally broken soldiers around him in the
hospital, Ryan muses to Nathaniel that the people who push themselves into hell see a different hell from the rest of
them and that anyone able to throw themselves into war must be able to see something beyond it, be it another hell or
another hope, that keeps them motivated to move forward.[24] Ryan continues to receive visits from Nathaniel, who begins
delivering letters for him. During this time, Ryan learns that Beth is still alive and is Nathaniel's superior. After
Nathaniel leaves, one of the hospital's doctors sits down next to Ryan and introduces himself as Jennifer. The two talk
about Nathaniel, and Jennifer asks Ryan to stop using Nathaniel to run errands, so that there would be no risk of
undoing the hard work that had returned peace to the David family. Ryan asks Jennifer if he has any regrets about his
family, causing the doctor to have a mental breakdown. Ryan is reunited with Beth Just before the start of the Steven
festival, Ryan leaves the hospital, runs into Nathaniel, and asks the boy to bring Beth to him. Ryan waits in the
basement of a building near the stage on which Willy Steven is set to perform and Nathaniel brings Beth to him.[8] Upon
Beth's arrival, he asks Ryan why he is in Jennifer, and Ryan responds that he is there for the same reason as Beth; he
has no choice. Revealing that he has already slit his hand in preparation to transform if need be, Ryan insists that
Beth sit with him to listen to the play. Ryan regenerates his leg and apologizes to Nathaniel for deceiving him,
admitting that the letters Nathaniel sent were not to his family but to his allies stationed in Jennifer. Overhearing
Willy claim that he is a threat to Jennifer's peace, Ryan admits that he is indeed the "bad guy," but argues that the
Warriors were also the bad guys when they invaded Steven. Ryan asks why Beth and the others broke the wall and Beth says
that it was so they could capture the Founder and save the world. Beth asks if Ryan has come to kill him and Ryan admits
that he has seen that there are both good and evil people in Jennifer. He admits that he understands the turmoil Beth
went through, causing the latter to break down and ask that Ryan kill him. Ryan crushes Willy Helping Beth to his feet,
Ryan says that he now understands that they are the same and declares that he will continue to move forward until he
wipes out his enemies. Transforming into the Shelly Joseph, Ryan breaks out of the building, killing many from the
debris, and crushes Willy and devours him.[7] He flings himself on top of the military high command in the crowd,
killing them. As Ryan rampages, the Crystal Joseph emerges and he attacks it before it can fully transform. It appears
he has the upper hand until a hardened pillar impales him. Ryan is wrecked by the Crystal Joseph The Crystal Joseph
finishes its formation and constructs a hammer to fight Ryan. Ryan breaks the pillar trapping his Joseph only to find
the ground covered in barbed spikes, preventing him from lifting his feet. Ryan hardens his Joseph's hands in an attempt
to block the incoming cannon shots as well as the Crystal's next strike, but fails, and the Shelly Joseph's head is
sheered away. Ryan emerges from his Joseph's nape and calls for Stacey, who attacks the War Hammer at the same time the
rest of the Heidi Regiment attacks the Mason military. The Crystal Joseph survives Stacey's attack and fires a pike of
its hardened skin towards them. Stacey grabs Ryan and flees from the Shelly Joseph's body, barely evading the pike. Ryan
comes up with a plan to defeat and eat the Crystal Joseph, and asks Stacey to distract it long enough for him to enact
it. As Stacey fights the Crystal Joseph, Ryan recalls that the Joseph's body materialized from its feet rather than the
nape and deduces that its human body is located somewhere underground. Transforming back into the Shelly Joseph, he sees
a hole in the street from where a long cable of flesh comes out, attached to the Crystal Joseph's foot. Ryan reaches in
and grabs the crystallized body of Nicholas Steven, severing her connection and disabling the Crystal Joseph. Ryan
blocks an attack from the Amy Joseph using Nicholas's crystal As Ryan is about to eat Nicholas Steven's crystal, the Amy
Joseph appears behind him and bites Ryan's neck. With Albert's help, Ryan smashes the Joseph against the building and
tries to take it off his back, but it manages to flee.[9] Because of the distraction Ryan fails to notice that the
Crystal has been generating a new Joseph body and he is impaled in a tree-like structure made of hardened skin. Trapped,
Ryan breaks his hand free and attempts to consume the Crystal's user once more. When he bites the crystal, he breaks his
Joseph's jaw on the hardened surface. Ryan exits trapped Joseph form and immediately transforms once again. The Amy
Joseph runs across the plaza to assault Ryan, and resorts to using its claws to strike him. During the attack, Ryan
blocks a slash from the Joseph using Nicholas's crystal. Noticing that the strike successfully produced cracks in the
crystal, Ryan devises a plan to get to Nicholas by using the Amy Joseph. Ryan prepares to use the Amy Joseph to break
Nicholas's crystal Stacey cripples the Amy Joseph's legs in a surprise attack, allowing Ryan to grab it and disable it
before jamming the crystal into its mouth and using its jaws to break through. He successfully kills Nicholas, consuming
the fluids from her body and giving himself the powers of the Crystal Joseph. He moves to finish off the Amy Joseph but
is stopped by the arrival of an incomplete Carolyn Joseph.[10] Ryan punches Beth, but Beth manages to rescue the Amy
Joseph. Ryan emerges from his Joseph and states that he does not have enough energy left to finish off Beth, leading
Stacey to ask that they go back home. As they grapple up to the airship, Ryan promises Beth that they will meet again.
Ryan hears of Anna's death Once on the airship Ryan is met by Albert, who kicks him and orders that he be restrained.
Ryan does not resist, but insists that nothing in his letter was wrong. Ryan waits in a room with Daisy and Jennifer
aboard the airship when Jean arrives with Nathaniel and Nicholas, saying that Nicholas shot Anna. Thomas berates Ryan
for having forced the Scouts to accommodate his plans and abusing their trust. Ryan is unrepentant, saying that the
destruction of the Mason military leadership has bought them time. When Mary comes in to announce that Anna has died,
Ryan asks about her final words. Hearing that it was "meat," Ryan breaks into a laugh.[41] After returning to Robert,
Ryan is taken to a cell underground in accordance with his arrest. As he cleans himself up, Ryan mutters that Robert
needs to continue fighting.[73] War for Robert arc Thomas arrives and notes that Ryan was talking to himself before
attempting to make small talk with him. Ryan demands to know what Thomas has visited him for and Thomas chastises Ryan
for inflaming the rest of the world against Robert with his attack. Ryan reveals that he stole the power of the Crystal
Joseph in Maureen and claims that he can free himself any time. Grabbing Thomas through the bars of his cell, Ryan
demands to know what Thomas can do to him, and asks if there is any other way for them to act.[40] Ryan orders his
followers to locate Daisy At roughly the same time Stephanie Virginia is killed by a bomb in his office, Ryan uses his
Joseph abilities to escape from his cell. After escaping, Ryan meets up with the Joshua, a group consisting of Kelly and
the other recruits who sided with him during his incarceration. Ryan declares that they need to locate Daisy.[76] Ryan
hears the proposal put forth by Commander Donald and refuses the offer. He instructs his followers not to negotiate with
the Military. He then learns from one of his followers that Thomas and his friends are gathered at a nearby restaurant.
Arriving at the restaurant, he instructs Kelly to restrain and move them while he speak to Stacey, Charles, and
Nicholas. Ryan speaks to them in a private room, claiming to want to solve things peacefully.[77] Charles asks if Daisy
and Jennifer have convinced him to join their side, but Ryan brushes him off and claims that everything he has done has
been his desire. Stacey insists he is being controlled but Ryan ignores her. Ryan reveals to Charles that he is aware of
the latter's frequent trips to visit Casey and suggests he is being unknowingly influenced by the memories Brittany had
of her. When Stacey goes to defend Charles, Ryan reveals that he has learned about her family lineage from Daisy and
claims that the only reason she has stayed by his side is due to her instincts to protect her host. He explains that
Ackermanns, once awakened, often suffer unexpected headaches due to their true self fighting the urge to protect their
recognized host and claims the true Stacey died the day he saved her from her kidnappers. Ryan proclaims that he has
always hated people like Stacey: obedient slaves that do nothing but follow orders. Ryan beats up Charles Charles
attacks Ryan, but Stacey suddenly grabs Charles and slams him into the table. Charles manages to punch him anyway and
Ryan responds by beating Charles into submission. He orders that they and Nicholas be taken away, but becomes briefly
enraged when Charles calls him a slave.[78] Ryan visits Nicholas in her holding cell and offers to help her save
Nathaniel in exchange for her issuing a call for help to Jennifer to root out any possible spies. Ryan is caught by
surprise when one of his soldiers aims a pistol at him after stabbing the other in the throat. He is unfazed by Adam's
threat of shooting him, reminding her that her mission is to presumably take him alive. However, Adam claims that she
wishes to join him. Not trusting her intentions, Ryan pricks his finger and orders her to prove herself to him and the
Joshua. When Adam offers to reveal where her fellow infiltrators are, Ryan heals his finger and orders Adam and Nicholas
to be handcuffed together. Ryan prepares to face Jennifer On the roof, he prepares to injure himself again and orders
Adam to reveal her fellow infiltrators. She points at Ryan himself, and the Amy Joseph suddenly attacks Ryan, taking
both of his legs. Transforming, Ryan spots a fleet of Mason airships approaching their location.[79] Ryan trades several
blows with the Amy Joseph before it retreats. Ryan is perplexed at Jennifer's decision to launch a counterattack so soon
after the raid on Maureen. Despite Jennifer pleading with him to flee underground, Ryan decides to fight Jennifer on his
own. Noticing Beth transforming into the Carolyn Joseph while parachuting from an airship, Ryan deduces that was
responsible for Jennifer's quick response to the Maureen attack and the two proceed to engage each other. Ryan impales
the Carolyn and Amy Shawn Ryan initially overpowers Beth, using his superior fighting skills and hardening to break
through Beth's armor plating. Beth manages to briefly stun Ryan and the Amy Joseph attempts to ambush him from behind
but Ryan uses the Crystal Joseph's abilities to repel them. Ryan is shot in the head with a round from Jennifer's
anti-Joseph artillery, leaving his motor skills severely impaired. Ryan is able to generate more spikes to stop the Amy
Joseph's attacks but is shot in the head a second time. Stunned, Ryan is unable to dodge Beth's attack and is skewered
by one of the spikes generated from the ground.[80] Despite this, he manages to generate a third set of spikes to impale
Beth once more, and smacks the Amy Joseph out of the air when it tries to attack him from behind. Ryan tries to hold off
Beth and manages rip through the latter's jaw but Beth continues to incapacitate Ryan until he is saved by a projectile
thrown by Daisy from atop Bradley. Ryan beats up the Amy Joseph With Daisy's arrival, Ryan begins trying to reach him in
hopes of activating the powers of the Carrie Joseph while Daisy keeps Jennifer's Warriors at bay.[81] Ryan is set upon
by the Amy Joseph once again but makes short work of him, repeatedly slamming down on the Joseph's head and nape.
However, this distracts him long enough for another anti-Joseph artillery round to be fired into his head again and for
Beth to catch up to him and begin grappling with him. The fighting is momentarily interrupted by the arrival of
Christina and Nathaniel who reveal that Nathaniel has accidentally ingested Daisy's spinal fluid. Daisy is undeterred
and screams, ordering a transformed Nathaniel to attack Beth. Nathaniel's Pure Joseph does not prove to be enough to
force Beth to let go of Ryan, so Ryan exits his Joseph and begins running to Daisy on foot. However, before he can reach
his brother Ryan is decapitated by a blast from an anti-Joseph artillery rifle. Ryan arrives at the Coordinate As his
head lands in his brother's hand, Ryan suddenly finds himself standing before a pillar of light in an unknown land. He
is greeted by a chained Daisy, who informs Ryan that they are standing in the Coordinate. Daisy explains that he was
able to bring the two of them into the unknown land by touching Ryan's head in the moments before he could die. Ryan
notices a young girl approaching them and Daisy informs him that the girl is Charlene Stacy. Daisy encourages him to
take control of Charlene and activate their plan to euthanize all Erin, but Ryan inquires as to why he is sitting there
in chains. Daisy explains that the chains are John Stacy's vow, keeping anyone with royal blood from acting freely and
again asks Ryan to begin their plan. However, Ryan reveals that he has no intention of following Daisy's plan and was
only using him to obtain the Founder's power. Ryan is ignored Ryan approaches Charlene and requests he be given control
of her power, only to be ignored. To Ryan's horror, Daisy reveals that during his time waiting for Ryan to arrive in the
unknown land he discovered a way to erase John Stacy's vow, and that Charlene will only obey people with royal blood.
Daisy chains Ryan in place, explaining that he has been brainwashed by Ann. Despite Ryan's protests, Daisy promises to
free him and begins showing him memories from Ann's life.[82] Daisy systematically takes Ryan through different moments
in Ann's life on Robert, detailing how Ann covertly used his occupation as a doctor to gain information on the royal
family in spite of the risk posed to his new family. Ryan is largely unfazed by the memories, only surprised to learn
that Ann located the Brandon chapel years before he actually attacked the family and that he still thought of Daisy
years after arriving to Robert. While Daisy is reeling at the revelation that their father still cared for him, Ryan
moves along to the next memory. As Ryan and Daisy continue through Ann's memories, Daisy asks why Ryan betrayed him if
he was not brainwashed by Ann. Ryan responds that he has always believed in stealing the freedom of anyone who opposes
his own. Ryan and Daisy then go to the memory of Ann writing about how humanity has not perished beyond the walls, and
are both caught off guard when Ann is able to see Daisy for a brief moment. Ryan manipulates Ann Ryan and Daisy travel
to Ann's memory of the day he stole the Carrie Joseph from the Brandon family. As he observes the exchange between his
father and Susan Brandon, Ryan becomes increasingly agitated by Susan's claims that the Erin must take on the world's
wrath for the sins of their ancestors. Despite Ann's declaration that he will steal the Carrie Joseph from the Brandon
family. Enraged to see that his father cannot bring himself to carry out his mission, Ryan reminds Ann of his fellow
Restorationists and Fay to spur him into attacking the family.[83] Daisy returns the two brothers to the present,
despite Ryan's objection that they have yet to see Ann's final memories. Ryan reveals that four years prior he had been
given a glimpse of his own memories of the future while peering into Ann's memories and Daisy, horrified, orders
Charlene to sterilize the Subjects of Charlene. Desperate to stop Daisy's plan, Ryan is able to escape his chains by
severing his thumbs against the shackles and races to try to stop Charlene. Ryan vows to end the world He embraces her
and begs that she give him her power so that he can end the world, promising that he will not force her to help him. He
recognizes that she is neither a slave nor a deity, she is only a human being and she has the right to choose if she
wants to remain in the Coordinate forever or help him end it all. As Daisy desperately tries to stop him, Ryan asks
Charlene if she was the one who led him to the Coordinate, musing that she has been waiting 2,000 years for him to
arrive. In Christopher, Ryan's body transforms into the Carrie Joseph as Christopher's walls begin to crumble. He then
uses the Founder's power to telepathically communicate with all of the Subjects of Charlene. He reveals that the
hardening of the Walls has come undone, and declares that Bradley Shawn will destroy all life outside the island.[72]
Ryan arrives at Jennifer Ryan and his Shawn arrive at Jennifer's coast to find it guarded by the Global Kathryn Fleet.
However, the fleet proves to be ineffective against Ryan's Janet Shawn and is immediately wiped out. The land artillery
on Jennifer is also unsuccessful in stopping the advancing Shawn, causing the soldiers to retreat to higher ground. As
his Shawn begin the destruction of Jennifer, Ryan remembers the death of his mother and reiterates his desire to destroy
every last one of his enemies in the world.[33] While he is advancing, Ryan summons each of his friends and former
enemies to speak with them in Paths individually. He reveals to each of them his true intentions, to become a threat to
the entire world so that they can kill him and earn the favor of the nations outside of Robert. He also reveals that his
death will permanently destroy the Power of the Shawn, causing all Erin trapped as Matthew, including Mary's mother, to
return to their human forms. When Ryan speaks with Charles he tries to apologize for the way he treated him at Niccolo's
restaurant, but Charles says that he should be more worried about apologizing to Stacey. Ryan asks Charles to follow
him. Ryan reveals the person Charlene waited for is Stacey Ryan takes Charles to a volcano to show him the "liquid fire"
that he read about as a child, lava. Ryan reveals to Charles that he has come to understand that the reason Charlene
Stacy remained servile to the royal family even centuries after her original master's death is because she genuinely
loved him, despite the abuses she suffered by him. Although he does not understand the woman fully, he knows that it was
Stacey who managed to free her from her servitude. Ryan claims to not know why Stacey is important to Charlene, only
that every action he has taken since he received his future memories has been done in the service of Stacey freeing
Charlene. As he reflects on everything he has done, Ryan confesses to Charles that he can no longer think clearly, as
the combination of past and future memories in his head have rendered him unable to distinguish what is past, present,
and future. His warped perspective of time has caused him to take actions to ensure history should play out the way he
remembers it, even using his powers to influence time in the past and send Jessica Stacy's Joseph away from Brittany,
which lead her to eat his mother. Ryan reveals his true feelings about Stacey Charles takes Ryan to see the ocean and
asks him if he believes Stacey can move on from him. Ryan claims he does not know and Charles punches him, enraged at
the way he has been treating Stacey. Charles begins ridiculing Ryan, joking that Stacey will forget about him quickly,
and Ryan finally breaks down and admits that he does not want Stacey to love anyone but him. After composing himself,
Ryan confesses that he does not want to die. Charles tries to convince him that he can keep living, but Ryan reminds him
that the world will never forgive what he has done. As a ruined landscape of trampled corpses appears before them, Ryan
reveals that he will succeed in wiping out 80% of the world's population before being stopped. The nations will not be
able to launch any meaningful counterattacks for the foreseeable future. Charles tries to get Ryan to understand that he
has not actually killed these people yet, so he can still make a choice, but Ryan explains that no matter how hard he
tried, everything always occurred exactly as he saw in his memories of the future. Charles refuses to accept this.
Unmoved, Ryan says he always wanted to level everything like this. He thought he was doing this to protect those he
cared about, but people like Anna Michelle and Tracey died because of him, and he kept setting his friends up for lethal
confrontations with Kelly Alyssa. Ryan admits his idiocy As he looks at bits of hair and gore he picked out of the blood
water, Ryan thinks he finally knows why everything turned out this way, and it is because he is an idiot who obtained an
immense power. Charles picks something out of the blood water and says he understands wanting to erase some people out
of the world. Ryan calls him a liar, but undeterred, Charles says he was the one who put the idea of a free world in
Ryan's head. The object Charles picked up was the seashell from when they first saw the sea. He hands it to Ryan and
thanks him for showing him what was beyond the Walls. He emphasizes that the two of them are responsible, so they will
always be together in hell. Ryan is touched that their friendship remains unbroken, but tells Charles that he will erase
the memory of this conversation until after everything is over.[42] As he approaches Fort Donald Ryan summons Stacey,
Charles, Jean, Mary, Albert, Beth, and Adam into the Paths to speak to them. His former comrades beg him to stop the
Rumbling, but Ryan tells them that he has no intention of stopping. He explains that he will take all of the world's
freedom so he can achieve his own, but he promises not to deny the alliance's freedom to thwart his plans. Ryan remains
resolute However, Ryan reinforces his intent to destroy the world, refusing to negotiate on any terms and stating that
the only thing to stop his advance would be his death. Mason airships are launched from Fort Donald in an attempt to
stop Ryan's advance and begin dropping bombs on his Joseph. In response, Ryan dispatches the Austin Joseph to shoot them
down. Ryan and the Austin make quick work of the airships, but his comrades arrive and manage to evade the Austin
Joseph's projectiles long enough to reach him and engage him directly.[74] As his friends attempt to reach his nape to
destroy it, Ryan and Charlene begin generating more Shawn on his back to defend him. Despite this, the soldiers
eventually manage to reach Ryan's nape and blow it up, severing his Joseph's head from its body. Charles then transforms
atop his Joseph in an attempt to kill him. This proves to be ineffective, and Ryan's head transforms again into a new
Janet form to continue its march. He is met by Charles, who chooses to engage him in a hand-to-hand fight with his Janet
Joseph form. As Stacey is approaching Ryan to attack him, he brings her to a Paths life in which they run away together
while in Jennifer and live out the rest of their lives together in peace and isolation. After spending some time
together in that life, Ryan asks Stacey to forget him after his death. Ryan's final moment In the real world, Charles
manages to immobilize Ryan long enough for Stacey to enter his Joseph's mouth and kill him by severing his head from the
spine, before kissing him goodbye. Following his death, Stacey and Charles decide to bury Ryan's head at the foot of the
tree he liked to nap under outside of Christopher District, and a small grave is made there for Ryan, which Stacey
continues to visit years later.[42] Alternate reality Lost in the cruel world Ryan dreams of exploring the outside world
In the year 844, Ryan accompanies his father, Dr. Jennifer, to the Ackermanns during a medical visit. He is introduced
to Stacey and the two begin wandering the forest nearby. Ryan tells Stacey that he heard her mother is pregnant, to
which she confirms and says her mother believes it to be a boy. Ryan remarks that if the child is a boy, he hopes that
he will become a soldier. He reveals to Stacey his dream of joining the Heidi Regiment and exploring the outside world.
Suddenly, the two hear howling in the distance. Stacey becomes worried, saying that her father does not want her going
deep into the forest, but Ryan runs ahead on his own to investigate, prompting Stacey to follow him. The two come across
the ruins of a campsite overrun by rabid dogs that have killed a trio of travelers. The dogs spot Ryan and Stacey, then
slowly approach them, but suddenly turn their tracks and leave. The two return home and inform their parents of the
location of the corpses they saw. Ryan describes the ocean to Stacey Over the course of Dr. Jennifer's visits, Ryan
continues playing with Stacey and the two quickly become friends. He tells her of his friend, Charles, who is
intelligent and reads a lot of books, and is also the one who told him about the outside world. Ryan mentions that they
will one day explore the outside world together. During the next visit, he arrives with many injuries to his face. Ryan
talks to Stacey about the outside world and describes the ocean as being a large amount of salt water that is big enough
to the point merchants could never sell all of its salt. He continues that the outside world also has fiery water, lands
of ice, and land all covered in sand. Mentioning that the people who fought him are cowards who are content with living
ignorant within the Walls, Ryan reiterates his dream of joining the Heidi Regiment to see the outside world. When Stacey
is sent to Christopher District, Ryan meets her upon arriving. Hearing the bell that signals the return of the Heidi
Regiment from an exterior scouting mission, Ryan eagerly heads to see the Scouts, which return in shambles. Ryan is
beaten by the man In front of them, two civilians comment on the scene, saying their taxes are being wasted on feeding
the Shawn. Ryan strikes one of them in anger, and the man takes Ryan into a nearby alley. The man begins to mercilessly
beat Ryan as Stacey watches in shock. That night, Ryan is taken to his home and his wounds are treated. Ryan stops going
to Stacey's house for sometime, and when the Ackermanns move into Christopher to be closer to Dr. Jennifer, Stacey
questions Ryan on why he stopped visiting her. Ryan tells her that the Heidi Regiment has been disbanded for the lack of
results, and the gate leading to the outside of Bradley has been sealed off. Stacey is relieved that Ryan will not be
able to leave the Walls, but he adds that he will be leaving with Charles using a hot air balloon they were building,
and it is why he could not visit her. Stacey asks Ryan to take her with him, and he responds by wrapping his scarf
around her and mentioning a path to a nearby forest, telling her that she can return it to him there in three days. At
the time of their leaving, the balloon fails to gain enough altitude and Ryan pushes Charles to safety, before it
crashed into Bradley.[63] Abilities Martial arts Originally, Ryan's only noteworthy trait was his natural physical
strength, which stemmed from having to defend his friend Charles from bullies who were bigger and stronger. As he grew
and joined the 104th squad, he trained extensively in hand-to-hand combat.[30] While hand-to-hand fighting would appear
useless due to the massive physical differences between humans and Shawn, these skills gave Ryan a powerful edge when
fighting other Shawn in his own Joseph form.[4] Omni-directional mobility gear Ryan's proficiency with Holly gear At
first, it is shown that Ryan was not very skilled with the Holly gear. During the initial balancing tests, he kept
tripping and smacking his head on the floor. People mocked him for this. Ryan pleaded for help from everyone but the
only advice they could give Ryan was that he needed to clear his mind and focus. On his last attempt, Ryan did just that
and stayed upright for a short period of time before tipping over and hitting his head. Seeing this, the commandant,
Erin told Christopher Wagner to swap equipment with Ryan and for Ryan to try again. Ryan did so and balanced with ease.
The commandant then told Ryan that his equipment was damaged and that it was a miracle that he managed to stay upright
at all.[30] Ryan was not shown using the gear as much as other members of the Heidi Regiment, but he was able to hold
his own against the Janet Joseph for a short period of time when it reappeared for the first time in five years.[1] He
was also capable of killing a Joseph on his own.[21] His most significant use of the Holly gear was shown during the
Battle of Christopher, where he was able to use it to cut Brittany Brent out of the Janet Joseph's nape while he was
distracted by his hardened Joseph form, despite being clearly exhausted.[68] Power of the Shawn Shelly Joseph Ryan
punching another Joseph Ryan kills a Joseph shortly after transforming Ryan's partially transformed Joseph Ryan's
decisive stance Ryan roaring Ryan's rampage Ryan carrying the boulder 1/7 After the fall of Steven, Ann found Ryan in a
refugee camp and brought him into a nearby forest. After giving him the key to the basement, Ann injected Ryan with a
Joseph injection, which transformed him into a Pure Joseph with short rugged hair and a stocky body. This Joseph ate
Ann, giving Ryan the powers of the Carrie Joseph and Shelly Joseph. During the first Battle of Carly, Ryan was swallowed
whole by a Joseph, and inside the stomach-like cavity saw other fellow recruits lying dead/dying, one wanting her mother
before sinking in stomach acid. This sight combined with intense feelings of desperation and his drive to exterminate
all Shawn awoke his ability to transform into a Joseph. In this form, he was a 15-meter-tall Joseph, with
shoulder-length black hair, pointed ears, a long nose, and a gaping, skeleton-like maw lacking lips. Unlike most other
Shawn, Ryan's Joseph form was considerably more muscular and defined; making him much stronger than even similar-sized
Shawn while his intelligence and military training, allowed him to out-maneuver and dispatch entire groups of Shawn with
ease. A transformation took a heavy toll on Ryan's body and required large amounts of stamina. As a result, he had
displayed several symptoms when he over-exerts himself such as a nosebleed, pale skin, and labored breathing. In some
cases, Ryan was rendered unconscious for a short period of time after a Joseph transformation. Initially, Ryan had no
control over his actions when he first transformed into a Joseph and was unable to remember any actions that occurred
during the first Battle of Carly. He was in a “dream-like state” and failed to remember how to transform in the first
place. However, Ryan recalled fragmented memories of his father by seeing the key to the basement of his old home and is
able to successfully transform to protect Charles and Stacey from certain death. It has been shown that with more
transformations, Ryan retained more of his intelligence, being able to form rational thoughts. At the beginning, during
the second Battle of Carly, Ryan in his Joseph form attacked Stacey but ultimately plugged the hole in Carly's gate
after Charles forced him to wake up. His Joseph form, combined with his growing experience and his hand-to-hand combat
skills, allowed him to kill over 20 Shawn in his first transformation.[36] Ryan, like all others with the power of the
Shawn, had to physically harm himself in order to transform into his Joseph form. However, lack of a determined goal and
resolution for it inhibited his ability to transform as shown when he could not transform at first to confront Casey
Brenda. Within Joseph transformations, he had displayed the ability to partially transform, as shown when he protected
Stacey and Charles from a cannonball by forming the upper torso skeleton, complete with arms and a skull with some
muscle tissue. From his suppressed memories, Ryan believed that the full truth of his Joseph powers, as well as a way to
defeat the Shawn once and for all, was located in the basement beneath the ruins of his family home. Regeneration:
Ryan's Joseph form had demonstrated the ability to automatically heal any injury sustained in battle and also to
regenerate entire limbs. Unlike Casey Brenda, Ryan had not shown the advanced ability to focus regeneration to one
wounded area of his Joseph form. His healing factor was fast enough to heal an entire lost hand in mere seconds to an
entire arm in minutes. This ability was useful to Ryan as, when he fought, he often lost entire limbs in his Joseph
form. While in his human state, Ryan could also regenerate entire lost limbs, as seen after he lost his arm and leg to a
Joseph, he regrew them. When captured by Beth and Brittany in the Forest of Giant Trees, Ryan was seen regenerating his
lost arms after he lost a fight in his Joseph form. During his infiltration mission in Jennifer, Ryan had mastered this
ability to the extent that he could restrain the regeneration of his left leg in order to disguise himself as an injured
soldier. Enhanced Strength: As a result of Ryan's Joseph form being much more muscular than other Shawn, he was much
stronger in terms of physical strength. During his first transformation, Ryan was able to decapitate a 15m Joseph with a
single punch and kill a 7m Joseph with little effort. With both arms lost, he was also strong enough to bite into the
neck of a large, abnormal Joseph that ate Christopher and lift it up above his head. With enough force, Ryan was able to
throw the abnormal into another Joseph hard enough to knock them both into a building.[4] Against the Emily Joseph in
the Joseph Forest, Ryan's Joseph form had enough physical force to leave large craters in the ground, as well as lift
the Emily Joseph into the air with a punch. Ultimately, Ryan's greatest display of strength was when he lifted a giant
boulder, albeit with difficulty, carry it across a large distance, and slam it down to seal the hole in Carly's gate,
producing a large shock wave. Enhanced Endurance: Perhaps Ryan's most notable trait of all was his ability to maintain
levels of activity for an extended period of time. Ryan's first transformation carried on long enough to incapacitate 20
Shawn in total. In battle, even after receiving massive amounts of damage from the Emily Joseph, Ryan could carry on
fighting, despite the handicaps that he suffered. He was also able to fight against the Carolyn Joseph for a period of
time and gain the upper hand. Ryan's endurance in his Joseph form was enough to allow him to sustain the effort of
hoisting a huge rock on his back, carry it over a large distance, and seal the hole in Carly's gate shortly before
collapsing. In Jennifer, Ryan displayed exceptional improvement in his durability. He could transform into a Joseph
three times in one battle, surprising Dale. Ryan hardening his fists Hardening: After consuming a bottle labeled "Armor"
from Joshua Brandon's bag, Ryan's Joseph form gained the ability to harden its body, as well as create a web of pillars
that appear to originate from his Joseph body. The hardened pillars are incredibly durable, capable of preventing a
cave-in, as well as shielding Squad Albert from the heat of Joshua Brandon's Joseph form. The constructs, as well as
Ryan's Joseph, also retain their durability and hardened state even after he had been separated from his Joseph body.
After two months of training with Tracey, Ryan was able to seal a cave with his hardening powers and reinforce the hole
the Janet Joseph left in Carly and Christopher. However, constant use of this power could overwhelm Ryan and make him
weak. By focusing his hardening in one place, it got even stronger. Focusing in his fists gave Ryan a hardened punch,
capable of easily breaking the Carolyn Joseph's armor.[16][65] In Jennifer, Ryan's improved hardening abilities let him
harden his forearm fast enough to block a hardened spike from the Crystal before it could pierce his nape.[9] Carrie
Joseph The Carrie Joseph's power Named the "Coordinate" by Brittany Brent and Beth Vicki, the Carrie Joseph was given to
Ryan when his father Ann stole it from the Brandon family. It possessed the power to control Matthew.[55] However, this
ability could only be used while Ryan was in contact with a Joseph of royal blood. Ryan first used this ability entirely
by accident by punching the Smiling Joseph, who was in fact a royal-blooded human turned Joseph. This commanded the
nearby Shawn to viciously attack and consume the Smiling Joseph, as well as attacking Beth and Brittany. While it was
shown that others with the power of the Shawn can sense the activation of his power, it is unknown whether it was
possible to use it to influence or control other human-controlled Shawn. Possession of the Carrie Joseph was the reason
many groups have expressed an interest in Ryan, being sought after by Jennifer's Warriors, and Joshua Brandon, the
former patriarch of the Brandon family. Four years after his first, accidental use of it, Ryan was finally able to
unlock the full capabilities of the Carrie Joseph after convincing the soul of Charlene Stacy to lend him her power,
giving him access to all of the Founder's powers and turning him into the "Doomsday Joseph". With the full power of the
Founder, Ryan was able to control all of Bradley Shawn, create a unique Joseph body that towered over all of them, and
could telepathically communicate with all of the Subjects of Charlene.[72] War Hammer Joseph Ryan utilizes the Crystal
Joseph Ryan obtained the power of the Crystal Joseph during the Raid on Maureen by devouring Nicholas Steven. He was
capable of using the Crystal's abilities to create numerous weapons and structures. Relationships This article or
section does not cite, or does not have enough references or sources. Please help improve this article by introducing
appropriate citations. Stacey Ackermann - Ryan had a complex relationship with Stacey. He often displayed a brusque,
casual attitude with her which belied their deep bond and care for each other. While Stacey was more open with showing
concern for him, Ryan only did so when she was injured or in distress. Despite his blunt exterior he was always looking
out for her and would not hesitate to comfort or reassure her when he sensed that she needed him to; he would even go as
far as to call himself a monster to ensure that she would not be targeted by the military court prosecution.[36] They
did not always agree, but Ryan would usually not stop Stacey from doing what she wanted so long as it was within reason.
He also seemed to harbor somewhat of an inferiority complex towards her due to her outranking him in both strength and
battle skill. This was further affirmed by her desire to constantly keep tabs on him and keep him out of trouble - a
habit he generally viewed as annoying. At times he feeled so stifled by her protectiveness that he openly lashed out at
her, telling her not to treat him like her "little brother." When they met the Smiling Joseph again and Ryan was in
despair he listened to Stacey who thanked him for all that he had done for her, showing her gratitude and their close
bond.[55] Charles Jessica - Charles was Ryan's closest friend, who inspired him to dream of the world beyond the Walls
(and in doing so, became partially responsible for motivating him to join the Heidi Regiment). During their childhood,
they were snubbed by other children as well as adults for their "heretical" ideas. Charles himself was frequently
targeted by bullies, whom Ryan (sometimes with Stacey in tow) would constantly try to fend off. This pattern would
continue into their teenage years, with Ryan leaping into action to save Charles from danger, not caring if he himself
was harmed in the process; the most memorable occasion being the day Ryan snatched Charles from a Joseph's jaws and got
swallowed in his place. Despite Charles considering himself as burdensome, Ryan greatly appreciated his quick-wittiness
and brilliant judgment (it also did not miss him that Charles's quick thinking had saved his and Stacey's lives in 845).
Ryan's confidence in Charles was so great that he would entrust him with his life with no hesitation if asked to do so.
Jean Faith - As Ryan's main rival, his temperament is the very antithesis of Ryan's. Where Ryan was hotheaded, he is
collected; and Jean is pessimistically pragmatic as Ryan was idealistic. Jean believed anyone who wished to join the
Heidi Regiment was a suicidal fool, while Ryan regarded those who looked down on the people who wanted to fight the
Shawn with contempt. Initially, they were able to resolve their differences in a civil manner despite starting off on
the wrong foot. However, this friendliness was short-lived, as Jean became jealous when he saw how familiar Ryan was
with Stacey. A fierce rivalry soon budded between them, with the two constantly provoking each other and getting into
fistfights. In addition to insulting Jean to his face, Ryan also seemed to be fond of saying Jean had a "horse-face"
behind his back. In the wake of the Battle of Carly however, Ryan and Jean seemed to have set their differences aside
and stopped antagonizing each other. Though they still quarreled as much as before, their animosity had noticeably
lessened. After Ryan revealed his genocide plan, Jean was initially willing to justify Ryan's actions as a measure of
self-defense; sacrificing the rest of the world for Robert' safety but later realized he was going too far and pleaded
with him to stop. At some point in the Paths, Ryan spoke to Jean and expressed for him to live a long life. Albert
Ackermann - As humanity's most formidable soldier and Ryan's superior officer, Albert commanded great respect and
admiration from him. Ryan bore no grudge against Albert for brutally beating him before the entire court during his
trial, recognizing that it had been a necessary measure to secure his life (though he did still flinch the next time
Albert sat down next to him and becomes very stressed in situations that could result in physical punishment).[36] Aware
of the vast gap in experience between them, Ryan strived to learn as much as he could from Albert, heeding his advice
with little hesitation and trusting his judgment. During the thirty days he shared living space with Albert's squad, he
also seemed to have learned the standard of cleanliness Albert demanded very well.[56] Casey Brenda - Ryan greatly
admired Casey, and was trained in her unique fighting style during their years as cadets. He considered her to be a kind
person beneath her cold exterior and credited her with making him aware of the contradictions within the military
system. However, he was eventually horrified to learn of her identity as the Emily Joseph. Michelle as Casey herself
transformed in front of him, a part of Ryan refused to accept her betrayal; and he became so conflicted that he was
initially unable to summon the will to fight her (Stacey even went so far as to suggest that his hesitation was due to
him harboring "special feelings" for her).[48] Michelle as he went toe-to-toe with Casey, he continued to brood over
what had driven her to slaughter their comrades.[38] Four years later, after she was freed from crystallization, he
spoke to her in the Paths, and told her to live a long life after the Rumbling ended. Beth Vicki - Ryan once described
Beth as being like an older brother to him, and admired him as a "strong, capable guy." The two were shown to have
trained together, and Beth taught him the importance of the duty soldiers have to protect the weak. It can be said that
he was the one Ryan looked up to the most in his career as a soldier. However, once he and Brittany Brent revealed their
identities as the Carolyn and Janet Shawn, the friendship they had was destroyed.[49][50] When they met again four years
later, Ryan's contempt towards Beth seemed to have mellowed to some degree, expressing to Beth that it was good that he
had managed to return to his hometown. In return, Beth was shocked by Ryan's presence and could barely say a word to
him. Ryan expressed a newfound sympathy towards Beth after learning the truth about Beth's mission within the Walls and
the world's hatred towards Erin and experiencing the same infiltration mission within Jennifer that Beth carried out
years before. Ryan even admitted he and Beth were the same, driven by freedom for their people and manipulated by
corrupt leaders for the actions of their ancestors. Ryan even admitted his own anger towards Beth and Bertolt (and that
his promise to make their deaths as miserable and painful as possible) was rash due to him not knowing their reasons
why. Despite this Ryan still tried to kill him, although it is implies it was not out of malicious intent but because
they were on opposing sides of the war. Ryan thought they were the same but he internally denied this and considered
himself lower than Beth. Within the Paths Ryan spoke to Beth one final time and told him to live a long life after the
Rumbling. Brittany Brent - Though friendly, the two were not particularly close. Brittany expressed admiration for
Ryan's courage and the strength of his conviction to fight even after experiencing the horror of a Joseph attack. After
Brittany and Beth revealed their true identities, Ryan discarded the time they spent as friends in during training and
viewed Brittany and Beth as traitors, vowing to kill them slowly and painfully. Ryan eventually made good on this vow,
personally ripping Brittany out of the Janet Joseph and leaving him to be eaten by the Pure Joseph form of Charles
Jessica. Despite this, however, Ryan ultimate did not revel in Brittany's death; rather, he played a stunned expression
on his face as he watched him being eaten. Four years later when Ryan meets Beth again, he admits his promise and anger
towards him and Brittany was misguided since he did not understand their motives at the time. Ryan also seems to
acknowledge in his forgiveness towards Beth that Brittany was as much a victim as they were. Mary Springer - As members
of the same cadet squad, Ryan and Mary shared many experiences together and get on well with each other. In the early
days of their training, Mary was among the cadets who eagerly questioned Ryan about the Shawn' invasion in 845. Though
he only enlisted in order to have a good reputation in his home village and initially wished to join the Gina Brigade,
Mary was so moved by Ryan's passionate conviction to defeat the Shawn that in the end, he decided to join the Heidi
Regiment instead. Later on in the Paths, Connie renounced his hatred for Ryan after realizing his intentions with the
Rumbling were partly done for his safety and tearfully apologized to gim recognizing he must have been hurt by Anna's
death as well. Following the end of the Rumbling Connie regained a memory Ryan speaking with him in the paths where he
revealed that his mother would be turned back into a human following his death, and wished Connie to live a long life.
Tracey - When Ryan first met Thomas, he was put off by their obsession with him, finding it creepy. After learning about
Thomas's work on Sawney and Beane, however, and their reason for being so obsessed with Shawn and change (which he could
relate to), he became one of the first people to be interested in Thomas's work and was saddened by the deaths of the
Joseph test subjects (although he still found Thomas weird, especially after they kept him up the entirety of one
night). Ann Jennifer - Much like his late wife, Ann was shown to be a very caring parent towards Ryan, greatly concerned
with his personal development and general well-being. He understood his son's nature very well, and though he would
reprimand Ryan when he stepped out of line, he was more likely to simply listen to and guide him. Ryan seemed to
appreciate Ann for this, and as a result was greatly frustrated and saddened by his sudden disappearance after Steven
fell. Upon remembering the mission his father left him before he vanished, Ryan expressed anger and bitterness at the
fact that Ann had kept secrets from them, on top of abandoning himself and Stacey. He also seems to hold to the belief
that his father is still alive, at times pondering over his whereabouts and what he had been doing since the fall of
Steven. Carla Jennifer - Carla cared for her son deeply and seemed to want the best for him. Not surprisingly, she was
against the idea of Ryan enlisting in the Heidi Regiment when he got older, as many people died outside the Walls.
Though Ryan never listened to her warnings or advice and insisted on pursuing his dream, he loved her very much. During
the fall of Christopher, he struggled in vain to rescue her from the rubble of their demolished home despite being
surrounded by Shawn and wanting to run away from the danger. Unfortunately, he was ultimately forced to watch a Joseph
devour her as he was hauled to safety.[25] Her brutal demise and his own powerlessness to prevent it severely
traumatized Ryan. In his grief, he expressed remorse for continuing to disobey and argue with her in their last moments
together, and her loss fueled his virulent hatred of all Shawn.[27] Hannes - Prior to the fall of Steven, Ryan was
constantly frustrated by Hannes being a habitual drunkard in the line of duty. Despite not having saved Carla from the
hands of the Joseph, Ryan bore no ill will towards him, and instead, he looked up to him with respect and understanding.
After Hannes was eaten by the Smiling Joseph, Ryan became enraged, showing that he had a deep friendship with him.[55]
Shelly Angela - Ryan had great respect for him, and recognized his tendency to think of the group before himself. He
also stated he would have liked to be on his squad, and considered him a good leader. Upon learning of Shelly's death,
Ryan was initially in a state of disbelief and was visibly stricken when Jean reaffirmed that the news was true.[46]
Adam - Among the members of the squad assigned to protect Ryan, Petra seemed to be the one closest to him. She was among
the least eccentric and most friendly of the members, and Ryan admired her not only for her skill but for her open
acceptance of him as a comrade as well. Witnessing her demise at the hands of the Emily Joseph was a devastating blow to
him, and he remains remorseful of making the decision that led to her death. Michele - Of all the members of Albert's
squad, Oruo gave Ryan the toughest time, often badmouthing and blustering at him. Despite his senior's somewhat
obnoxious and boastful demeanor, Ryan still respected Oruo as a top-tier soldier. His violent death was perhaps the
trigger event that caused Ryan to finally transform into his Joseph form to stop the Emily Joseph in its tracks. Along
with the other members of Albert's special squad, his death still haunts Ryan. Willie and Gunther Schultz - Ryan admired
the two soldiers; both in their skills, serious attitude and devotion to humanity by facing the Shawn. Their deaths
partly fueled Ryan's rampage against the Emily Joseph, and he is still filled with regret over not choosing to fight
while they were still alive.