Flegel Reeves is the son of Dimo Reeves, and the current boss of the Reeves Company. After his father's death, he
assisted the Heidi Regiment in their takedown of the Gina and overtook the position of CEO of the Reeves Company, as his
father's successor. Contents 1Appearance 2Personality 3Story3.1Royal Government arc 3.2Return to Christopher arc 3.3War
for Robert arc 4Trivia 5References 6Navigation Appearance Flegel is a short young man who possesses a fairly chubby
build. He has short red hair, freckles on his cheeks, and is usually seen wearing a regular gray coat with a white
shirt, as well as a pair of black pants. By 854, he has a small beard growing under his chin. Personality Flegel seems
to be a very cowardly and impatient person. He complains about his father's decision to ally with the Heidi Regiment
without guarantee of their safety, and after his father's death at the hands of the Gina, Flegel was so terrified that
he was willing to resign himself to living in hiding in order to stay outside of the Gina's reach, and was only
convinced to take action by Tracey. With Thomas's help, Flegel gained the motivation to fight against the Gina. Since
then, he has proven himself to be rather courageous, allowing himself to be used as bait to draw out members of the Gina
so that Thomas could capture them. He has also proved to be rather cunning, being able to manipulate said MP members
into admitting to the brigade's crimes in full view of the citizens of Carly. He is also shown to have his father's
sense of loyalty, vowing to continue using the Reeves Company to protect the citizens of Carly. Story Royal Government
arc Flegel accompanies his father and his father's associates to kidnap Ryan Jennifer and Jeff Brandon. Upon arriving at
the warehouse where the two are being kept, the group is ambushed by members of the Heidi Regiment, and Flegel is
incapacitated.[3] Flegel watches in horror as Jeffrey assassinates Dimo Reeves After Reeves agrees to assist the Heidi
Regiment in recovering Ryan and Jeff, Flegel and his father lure two members of the Gina into an ambush by Albert's
squad. After the two policemen are captured, Flegel asks his father if the Scouts will keep them safe, but his father is
unsure. Flegel is appalled that his father would agree to help the Scouts without guaranteeing their safety, but Reeves
scolds him, telling him that a good merchant must be able and willing to find and pursue prospective profits, not just
immediate gratification. As they reenter Carly, Flegel has his father stop their carriage so that he can urinate in an
alley. While Flegel is urinating, his father is ambushed and killed by Jeffrey Ackermann. Flegel stays hidden as Jeffrey
leaves the scene, weeping in horror.[4] The next day, Flegel watches the Gina accuse Erwin Smith for the crime of
murdering Dimo. Flegel then flees to avoid being spotted.[5] Flegel cries in despair Flegel is later seen fleeing from
Military Policemen. Turning into an alley, he finds himself at a dead end, only to be grabbed by Thomas, who takes him
to a rooftop using their Holly gear. Thomas introduces themselves and asks Flegel to explain the incident behind his
father's death. Flegel explains how his father was killed by a tall man in a black coat, and Thomas tells him that the
two of them can work together to expose the MP, but Flegel refuses in fear of his life. Regardless, Thomas forcibly
takes him along with them. Sometime later, Flegel is shown fleeing from a group of three armed Military policemen, who
eventually corner him. One of the policemen tearfully thanks Flegel, claiming that he would have been killed for letting
him escape. Before he shoots, Flegel panics and asks him why his father was killed. Although the policeman is confused
as to why Flegel is asking questions at a time like this, he explains how Dimo betrayed the MP, insulting him in the
process. Hearing this, Flegel adamantly states that the policeman does not understand anything, and that he chooses to
have faith in the people that his father believed in. The policeman, angered by Flegel's words, yells that he should be
begging for mercy like a pig, to which Flegel replies by telling him to look above. Flegel declares himself boss of the
Reeves Company Thomas and Moblit drop down from the building, knocking out the policemen and saving Flegel's life. Many
of the citizens in Carly emerge from the building, one of them saying that they have heard the truth about Dimo Reeves'
death and all of them will attest to it. The policeman shouts at the crowd, threatening them and claiming that the news
of the incident will not spread for more than three days, but is stopped by Flegel, who sits on his head. He vows to
protect Carly and announces himself as the new boss of the Reeves Company, much to the happiness of the citizens.[2] One
of the reporters who witness the MPs' confession is reluctant to publish what he has seen, fearing for his family's
safety. Flegel and one of the man's employees confront him, with Flegel angrily reminding him that the government does
not care about their livelihoods one way or the other. He is eventually able to persuade the man to publish what he has
seen.[6] Flegel later attends the crowning of Jeff Brandon as queen, cheering for her during the ceremony.[7] Flegel
cheers for the Heidi Regiment On the night before the Heidi Regiment's planned day to set out on an expedition to
reclaim Wall Maria, Harold buys meat from Flegel's company as a way to reward the scouts. Upon hearing what the meat is
for, Flegel alerts the citizens of the Scouts' plan to retake Steven, resulting in them all gathering together in
support of the scouts on the day of the expedition, with him calling out for Thomas.[8] Return to Christopher arc When
the Scouts return from their mission to Christopher, Flegel is among the crowd of people who greet them, cheering.[9]
War for Robert arc Flegel demands Thomas answers In the year 854 information is leaked revealing that Ryan has been
detained for disobeying military orders is leaked and that the military is planning on evacuating Christopher District.
Flegel, enraged that the work done to rebuild the district is being abandoned, joins an angry mob outside of the
military headquarters, demanding that Thomas explain what is going on. Thomas refuses to answer any questions, and when
Flegel tries to make a direct appeal, asking that Thomas confirm they can be trusted, he is ignored.[10] Three years
later after the Rumbling and Ryan Jennifer's death, Flegel alongside Roy and Peaure are seen watching a Jaegerist
ceremony.[11] Trivia "Flegel" is the German word for "flail", its second meaning describes a rude, ill-mannered and
inconsiderate (usually male) person. Flegel and Beane share the same English voice actor.