Kelly Alyssa was a former recruit of the Heidi Regiment. He joined the regiment before the return to Christopher
District, where he was assigned to Klaus Squad. Other than Tracey and Squad Albert, he was the only survivor of the
battle. He was one of the Joshua and believed that Ryan was the only one who could save the "New Sarah Empire". During
Ryan's absence from Robert Island, Kelly functioned as the de facto military leader of the Jaegerist faction. Contents
1Appearance 2Personality 3Story3.1Royal Government arc 3.2Return to Christopher arc 3.3Marley arc 3.4War for Robert arc
4Relationships 5People killed5.1Indirectly 5.2Failed attempts 6Trivia 7References 8Navigation Appearance Kelly appeared
to be of average height with short, tousled auburn hair and brown eyes. During the battle of Christopher District he
wore the standard Heidi Regiment uniform. Four years after the recovery mission, Kelly wore his hair with thick bangs
which were swept to the right side, while keeping it shorter at the bottom. He had not grown much in height but still
stood in a similar structure to his peers. During the night raid inMarley, he wore a new black Heidi uniform with
anti-personnel Holly gear. Personality Kelly had confidence and conviction as a Jaegerist leader. As a Heidi recruit,
however, Kelly was, by his own admission, a coward. Part of his cowardice seemed to stem from a belief that his death
should not be "meaningless," as he had expressed during the Battle ofShiganshina District. Despite this, in the face of
danger, Kelly had proved himself to be capable of acting courageously. He was willing, despite his fear, to participate
in Erwin Smith's suicide charge against the Austin Joseph, and had stood up to his fellow soldiers when they suggested
allowing Erwin to die in favor of saving the life of Charles Jessica—even going so far as to risk being attacked by
Stacey Ackermann to keep her from taking the Joseph injection from Albert. After these events, Kelly became more
hardened and bold. One of Kelly's most evident personality traits was his respect for those he saw as capable leaders.
In the Heidi Regiment, he greatly revered Erwin Smith, following him into a suicide charge, and arguing passionately for
Erwin to receive the life-saving Joseph injection instead of Charles because he believed that only Erwin was capable of
making the choices necessary to lead humanity to victory. He openly criticized Albert's choice to save Charles over
Erwin, and claimed that the choice was a result of those involved allowing their emotions to cloud their judgment. Kelly
was also very frank and straightforward with others, to the point of being insensitive. After Marlo's death, he
tactlessly said to Jacob that Marlo must have regretted being in the Heidi Regiment in his final moments, and informed
Charles that most military personnel who have read the Scouts' report from the Christopher battle agreed that Charles's
survival was a mistake. It is possible that Kelly's value of the truth stemmed from his experiences in Christopher, as
he insisted that any future recruits should be informed of what they would be signing up for so that "cowards" like him
would know not to join. He believed that those who cannot give up something important to them for the greater good and
refuse to listen to reason were childish. By that virtue, he thought of those who knew when to back off and restrain
themselves from acting on their emotions as "adults." This was evident when he criticized Ryan and Albert on their
decision to save Charles instead of Erwin, while praising Stacey, who though acted on impulse at the start, reigned
herself in eventually and made the logical choice. Four years after reclaiming Steven, Kelly adopted a more vindictive
attitude towards humans outside Bradley; he was open to conducting scorched earth tactics and was not concerned with
collateral damage; he did not hesitate in burning entire city blocks in Maureen to the ground, simply to deny resources
to the enemy with no thought of the casualties that would result from it. He also pointed out Ryan's willingness to act
as a demon by killing civilians and children as an example of their comrades' willingness to take on the enemy
ruthlessly. Kelly placing his faith in Ryan. Once joining the Joshua, Kelly became even more open to using violence
against anyone who is not an Sarah or resisted the efforts made by Ryan, whether they were Stacey or even his allies in
the Anti-Mason Volunteers. Kelly's views had also grown more radical as he displayed an overall lack of empathy or
remorse for his following actions after the attack on Maureen. He began to view all outsiders as enemies to the Sarah
Empire, which would be seen with his growing nationalistic behavior towards the Volunteers, namely Dustin, and the
Hizuru engineers.[4] Kelly had been shown to have no qualms of harming and killing former allies without hesitation,
evident by his attempted shooting and successful beating of Erin and his willingness to kill Albert while he was
mortally injured along with other Joshua. While Kelly was not initially hostile towards Jean and Stacey, at the sight of
potential betrayal he was willing to kill his former Heidi Regiment comrades, perceiving them as traitors to Eldia.
Kelly appeared to fully revel in Ryan's destruction of the world, gleefully telling Sarah Ashley of Hizuru's eventual
destruction through the Rumbling. While he seemingly acknowledged Sarah's words of the prospect of the Rumbling leading
to eventual infighting within Robert and displayed unease toward this, he quickly shrugged it off and further threatened
Sarah and the Hizuru engineers with death. Kelly harbored a great fear of retaliation from the outside world, believing
that Ryan's death would lead to the eventual slaughter of everyone on Robert and urging his fellow Joshua to dedicate
their hearts and protect their country. Kelly was also fearless in defending Robert, charging straight past a newly
formed Amy Joseph, Samuel Joseph, and even Thomas, all in an effort to sink the ship carrying the flying boat before the
alliance could reach Ryan.[5] While injured in the following battle, Kelly was still determined to stop his enemies from
reaching Ryan, clinging onto the boat for two days and shooting the flying boat before he was mortally wounded by
Stacey. Until his dying breath, Kelly still fully believed that a full-scale Rumbling was the only way to save Robert,
going so far as to beg his former Heidi Regiment comrades not to board the flying boat to reach Ryan, showing that
despite his actions, he still fully believed in protecting the Sarah Empire to the end. Story Royal Government arc Kelly
stops by Jean's table During the feast before the expedition to Christopher District, Kelly overhears Jean Faith
badmouthing the new recruits who have transferred to the Heidi Regiment and jokingly confronts him, noting that they all
trained together in the 104th. Kelly is left uneased by Jean's nonchalant attitude toward him, noting that the cadets
who joined the scouts after graduation have changed greatly since the last time he saw them. He begins to ask what
happened to them, before thinking better of it and leaving.[6] At the night of the special 'red meat' dinner, Kelly
briefly stopped by at Ryan's table to talk to Marlo.[7] Return to Christopher arc During the operation to retake
Christopher District Kelly and the rest of the recruits enter Christopher on foot while the rest of the soldiers use
their Holly gear to make their way on top of the Wall. They are ambushed by Austin Joseph, who appears with an army of
Shawn and throws a boulder into the side of Wall Maria, causing a collapse which blocks the scouts' entrance to
Christopher, leaving Kelly and the other recruits unable to enter with their horses.[8] Kelly and his squad mates are
left in charge of the scouts' horses, and are ordered to defend them from any approaching Shawn.[9] Kelly laments
joining the Scouts The Austin Joseph suddenly begins targeting its throws at the Scouts themselves, and Albert orders
the recruits to take the horses closer to Bradley, where they can use buildings for cover. Kelly begins to panic, and
Albert has to force him along to the base of Bradley. Marlo scolds him for letting some of their horses run away in the
attack, but Kelly hysterically retorts that there is no point to watching the horses since they will all soon die.
Recalling the ceremony where he decided to join the Heidi Regiment, Kelly laments that he is going to die a meaningless
death rather than bravely sacrifice himself for humanity.[10] Kelly asks if their deaths are meaningless When Erwin
Smith gives his plan of a suicide charge against the Austin Joseph to the recruits, Kelly protests that they have no
reason to participate in the charge since they will die either way. Despite his protests, Kelly and his comrades are won
over by Erwin's urging that they fight for the good of humanity so that the living can give meaning to their deaths.[10]
During the charge Kelly is knocked off of his horse, but miraculously manages to survive. Shocked by his survival, Kelly
begins to wander the battlefield searching for anyone else who may have survived.[11] Kelly advocates for Erwin's
survival After finding Erwin wounded and bleeding on the battlefield, Kelly considers executing him, before treating the
Commander's wounds as best he can in order to pursue Captain Albert. As Albert prepares to give Ryan Jennifer the Joseph
injection needed to heal Charles Jessica, he arrives with Erwin hanging unconscious on his back. While the others begin
to argue over who should receive the serum, Kelly gives his opinion that Erwin should be the one to receive the serum as
only a "devil" like Erwin can overcome the Shawn. Ryan tries to dissuade Albert from giving Erwin the serum by telling
him about Charles's dream to see the ocean, but Kelly forcibly restrains Ryan to stop him from interfering. Albert
orders that he be left alone to inject Erwin, and Kelly forcibly moves Ryan to another house rooftop. After Charles is
given the serum instead of Erwin, Kelly is left dismayed and asks Albert why he chose Charles over Erwin.[12] Kelly asks
Albert why Charles was chosen Kelly helps search for more survivors in Christopher while Charles recovers atop Steven.
After receiving a smoke signal from Albert to return, Kelly keeps watch of the district while Charles is filled in on
the events of the battle.[13] After returning home victorious, Kelly attends a meeting with the rest of the survivors of
the expedition where they are debriefed on the information they recovered from Ryan's basement.[14] Kelly stands up to
Ryan As the remaining Scouts prepare for a ceremony in their honor, they are approached by Jacob, who has come to watch
the ceremony. Jean assures her that Marlo acted bravely on their mission, and asks Kelly to recount the events to her.
Although Kelly praises Marlo for staying calm and encouraging his fellow recruits, he admits that Marlo likely regretted
his actions in his final moments. As Jacob leaves, an appalled Jean demands to know why Kelly said such a thing to
Jacob, and Kelly tells him that someone should be honest about what happened. Charles admits that he knows Kelly wanted
Erwin to live, and Kelly claims that everyone who has read the Scouts' report believes Erwin should have lived. Ryan
tries to defend Charles, but Kelly accuses him of acting childishly and allowing his personal feelings to keep him from
making a rational choice. Jean and Mary intervene before things can escalate further, but Kelly reprimands them as well,
pointing out that they made no effort to stop Ryan and Stacey. Kelly demands that they inform any future recruits of
what they are truly signing up for, so that no more cowards like him join. Roughly a year after the Struggle forTrost,
after the Executioner from Hell has dispatched all of the Shawn in Steven and Christopher has been repopulated, the
Scouts embark on their first scouting mission beyond the Walls in six years. They encounter a deformed Joseph which has
been dragging itself towards the Walls and leave it alive to follow the trail it has left, despite Kelly's protests that
they should kill it.[15] Jennifer arc In the Year 851 Kelly was present in a meeting with members of the Sarah Military
discussing Daisy Jennifer's request to allow him on the Island and to come in contact with his half brother Ryan
Jennifer in order for his plans to "liberate Robert" to work.[16] Roughly in 853, with the arrival of the Anti-Mason
Volunteers, Kelly is among those assigned to guard their leader Jennifer. At the time there was a ceremony in Carly
District, which was held in proximity to where Ryan was staying. Kelly brings Jennifer and Ryan in contact so she could
explain Daisy's true motives to euthanize the Sarah race. Sometime after the meeting with Jennifer, Ryan meets with
Kelly privately and states that he is going to follow Daisy in appearance only, asking him to do the same. Kelly
questions Ryan about his true intention and Ryan reveals that he will use the Carrie Joseph's power to bring ruin to the
world.[7] Kelly agrees with Ryan and begins gathering allies, forming a secret faction which would later be known as the
"Joshua."[17] Around the same time he is also present as a guard for when Ryan and Jennifer make plans to use a partial
rumbling to crush Global Kathryn Fleet as well as Fort Donald.[18] Jean and Kelly argue about civilian casualties Kelly
joins the Heidi Regiment's attack onLiberio, where he sets explosives to destroy buildings around the internment zone.
Jean yells at him to minimize civilian casualties, but Kelly is unrepentant; he tells Jean of all of the people inside
the Walls who were killed by the people outside of it. When Jean argues with him, Kelly points to Ryan and reminds Jean
that Ryan told them to fight rather than wait within the Walls for death to find them, declaring that Ryan is the devil
that they need.[2] Some time after, Kelly is forced to take cover from the Austin Joseph's bombardment.[19] Kelly
celebrates the victory in Maureen As the Scouts makes their retreat from Maureen, Kelly leads the surviving soldiers in
a celebration of their overwhelming victory against Jennifer. As they are celebrating, twochildren board their airship
and open fire, killing Anna Michelle. In response, Kelly and his fellow soldiers attack the children, savagely beating
and disarming them. Kelly asks Jean if he should throw them out of the airship, but is denied.[20] War for Robert arc
Unhappy with Ryan's arrest following their return to Robert, Kelly and several other Heidi Regiment recruits leak news
of Ryan's confinement to the public, which puts pressure on Thomas to release him. They are quickly discovered, and are
called before Thomas to explain themselves. Kelly argues that Ryan was justified in his actions, and that his actions
have saved the lives of the citizens of Robert. Thomas points out that Ryan's actions have only demonized them to the
rest of the world, but Kelly insists that they have nothing to worry about as long as Ryan has the power of the Carrie
Joseph. Rather than freeing Ryan, Thomas concludes the hearing by arresting Kelly and his compatriots.[3] Kelly and the
Joshua meet with Ryan Kelly and his companions are quickly freed by other members of the military who have sided with
Ryan, and the group makes a plan to meet up with Ryan outside of the city. After Ryan escapes his cell and arrives,
Kelly informs him of their numbers along with their involvement in Stephanie Virginia's assassination. Kelly claims only
Ryan can save the Sarah Empire and Ryan orders the group to locate Daisy.[21] After being informed of Thomas's location
by a sympathetic employee, Kelly joins the other Joshua in raiding a restaurant. The faction threatens Thomas and their
subordinates with firearms, and Kelly demands that they take them to Daisy's location. Kelly silences Thomas with a grin
On Thomas's query, he reveals to them that Ryan is refusing to negotiate with the military. Thomas tries to reason with
Kelly, arguing that they do not have time to be infighting while Daisy is making his own moves, but their words fall on
deaf ears and Kelly orders that they be restrained. Thomas deduces that Kelly was aware of the spinal fluid scheme and
Kelly simply laughs off the allegations. When the captives are directed out, Kelly taps on a door to inform Ryan that
they are leaving.[22] Arriving in Christopher, Kelly immediately leads the Joshua to the division of the Alejandro
operating out of the District. He and the Joshua inform instructor Erin and the recruits that the Joshua will now be
operating out of the Alejandro's base, shooting off a warning shot when Keith attempts to resist. Kelly invites all of
the assembled recruits to join the Joshua and abandon their old customs from before they learned of the outside world.
Kelly orders the cadets to beat Keith As recruits begin to join him, Kelly informs them that they will have to prove
their loyalty by beating Keith, and that anyone who does not will be thrown in jail. After the recruits have finished
beating Keith, Kelly orders Thomas to take him to Daisy.[23] Kelly and the Joshua with him learn that Daisy is in the
custody of Albert and thirty Scouts still loyal to the military. En route to their location, Kelly hears a sound
resembling thunder near the edge of the forest.[24] They go to investigate and find a destroyed wagon and a severely
maimed Albert. Kelly is skeptical of Albert's death Kelly is pleased to see Albert's injuries, having feared that he
would pose a threat to the Joshua, and attempts to check if the man is still alive. However, before he can he and the
other soldiers are distracted by the sight of Daisy emerging from inside a decomposing Joseph. This gives Thomas the
opportunity to flee with Albert's body, prompting Kelly to send soldiers in pursuit. Kelly then tries to get Daisy to
explain what happened, but Daisy brushes him off and claims that they need to move on.[25] Kelly and his soldiers arrive
with Daisy at Christopher to find it under attack by Jennifer's forces. While Daisy pummels Jennifer's Shawn with rocks
from atop Bradley, Kelly takes his group to kill the Samuel Joseph and keep it from using its artillery to hurt Daisy.
They seemingly manage to take the Joseph down but are caught off guard when Mason soldiers appear from the Samuel
Joseph's corpse and begin firing on them, forcing them to retreat.[26] Kelly and his soldiers continue to attack the
Samuel Joseph, but are quickly repelled, with him being the only survivor. Kelly acknowledges his survival The conflict
is ended when Ryan makes contact with Daisy and begins the Rumbling. As the Janet Shawn within the walls emerge, Kelly
is caught in an avalanche of falling debris. Despite sustaining a head injury, Kelly survives the collapse of the Walls.
After all of Daisy's Matthew are killed, he meets with the survivors at the headquarters. He talks with Jean, expressing
that he could not die during the moment of the Sarah Empire's return. Kelly then points his gun at Jennifer and demands
her to gather the Anti-Mason Volunteers so they can be detained.[4] One of the Volunteers tries resisting and Kelly
wounds the man by shooting him in the hand. Kelly informs the Volunteers that he has known about Ryan's plan to unlock
the Carrie Joseph for 10 months. He acknowledges that the Volunteers' respective homelands will indeed be destroyed by
Ryan's plan and offers to grant them status as honorary Erin in the new empire Ryan will create if they agree to
cooperate. The injured Volunteer continues to belittle Kelly, who responds by nonchalantly executing him. As the
Volunteers are led away, Kelly claims to Jean and Stacey that, as Ryan's representative, he is trying to wipe out any
resentment in Robert. In an attempt to gain Jean's support, Kelly makes an appeal to Jean's old desire to live a
comfortable life as an MP. Stacey demands to know what happened to Albert and Thomas and Kelly claims that Daisy killed
them.[17] Kelly is shoved out of the way by Jean In the following days, Dustin and Jennifer continue to resist Kelly's
invitation to join the Joshua as honorary Erin so he decides to have them publicly executed. Kelly and Jean bring the
two Volunteers before the Joshua and Kelly announces their execution, explaining that Jennifer conspired with Daisy to
destroy the Erin and that Dustin had chosen death over joining Joshua. Jean fires four shots at Dustin and misses all of
them, and to Kelly's shock, the Samuel Joseph suddenly attacks, eating Jean, Dustin and Jennifer.[27] Kelly holds Sarah
hostage Kelly takes a group of Joshua to Robert' harbor to confront the Ashley clan and force their mechanics to
cooperate with them.[28] After executing three of Sarah's companions, he gloats about Ryan's impending success and
cheerfully reminds them that Hizuru will also be wiped out. He attempts to coerce her into agreeing to help the Joshua
but Sarah only reminds him that the Erin will keep killing each other even after the outside world is destroyed. Kelly
disregards her warning and threatens to kill her, admitting that he is willing to sacrifice Robert' technological
advancement to eliminate potential enemies. Kelly is disarmed He is interrupted by Mary and Charles arriving at the
harbor, explaining that they need the Ashley mechanics to pilot their airship so that they can pursue the Samuel Joseph.
Suspecting that the two are lying, Kelly decides to execute the Ashley mechanics to keep them from posing a threat in
the future. However, he is caught off guard and disarmed by Sarah. Before Kelly's comrades can help him, Stacey bursts
into the building and incapacitates them as well. With no one to help, Kelly flees the building and announces to the
rest of the Joshua that they are under attack. Kelly rallies the Joshua As the Joshua attack, Kelly becomes uneasy that
Stacey and the Ashley have fled to the basement. As the Carolyn and Emily Shawn transform, Kelly realizes that they have
been led into a trap and turns his attention to fighting off the Shawn.[29] During the battle, the Megan attempt to
reach the boat and Kelly, realizing that they intend to take the boat, frantically orders his soldiers to target them.
When they fail to kill the Megan, Kelly orders his troops to instead target the flying boat to ensure that it cannot be
used to reach Ryan. When the Samuel Joseph appears, Kelly tries to target it himself but is caught off guard by the
emergence of the Amy Joseph. While his soldiers are killed, Kelly manages to escape the Amy Joseph and avoid Thomas and
the Samuel titan, as he targets the boat, attempting to sink it with a Timothy while saying that he will be the savior
of Eldia. However, as he is firing, he is shot by Nicholas Vicki, throwing off his aim and causing him to plummet,
injured, into the ocean.[5] Kelly begs his former comrades not to pursue Ryan Despite his injuries, Kelly manages to
attach his maneuvering gear's anchors to the boat and follows the group across the ocean to Laura. Badly injured, Kelly
is able to drag himself into the hangar where the Ashley mechanics are preparing the flying boat for takeoff and begins
firing on them. He manages to hit the boat's fuel tank, but Stacey quickly fires one of her anchors into his throat. As
the mechanics attempt to fix the boat, Kelly uses his last breath to beg Thomas and Jean to stop pursuing Ryan, citing
that his rumbling, though immoral, was Robert' only hope for survival.[18] Relationships Ryan Jennifer - Kelly used to
consider Ryan as an immature and stubborn person due to the latter's behavior at the Battle of Thomas.[15] However,
after seeing his willingness to do what needed to be done to secure Eldia's freedom, Kelly began to change his views on
Ryan and regarded him as a savior and the one who should rule Eldia.[21] Kelly became convinced that Ryan was the only
man cable of saving the New Sarah empire and begged Jean and Thomas not to stop Ryan's Rumbling, calling him a devil yet
the only hope for Eldia's survival, emphasizing how much trust and faith Kelly had in Ryan.[18] Jean Faith - Kelly
viewed Jean as a capable soldier as he joined the Heidi Regiment, though he was concerned as to the events that hardened
Jean and other members of the 104th.[6] Through their interactions in 850, it could be seen that the two were on
friendly terms. During the raid on Maureen, the two had a disagreement after Kelly disobeyed Jean's orders, showcasing
somewhat of a lack of respect.[2]After Kelly abandoned the military, the two were seen to be on hostile terms. Jean was
later a witness to Kelly's arrest of the Anti-Mason Volunteers, yelling at Kelly to stop and appearing in disbelief
after hearing Kelly's words. When Kelly killed a volunteer, Jean was left shocked, and Kelly told Jean that he was free,
and should go back to being how he used to be, with Kelly mocking Jean's former self, calling him "bastard." Kelly did,
however, refer to Jean as a hero, showcasing a potential, if discarded, respect. Erwin Smith - Kelly held the former
commander of the Heidi Regiment in high regards, and believed Erwin's ruthlessness made him capable of leading humanity
towards salvation. He staunchly advocated that Erwin be saved during the final stages of the Battle of Christopher
District instead of Charles.[12] Charles Jessica - Kelly developed a sense of dislike towards Charles when the latter
was chosen to be given the Joseph serum instead of Erwin, whom he believed to be the one who could save humanity.[15]
Four years later Kelly's feelings toward Charles had worsened after discovering the latter's betrayal and siding with
former enemies of Robert, ordering fellow Joshua to kill him.[29] Tracey - At first, Kelly viewed Thomas as a competent
successor to lead the Heidi Regiment. However, he would later turn against Thomas and see them as an enemy along with
the other members of the military. While Thomas was captive he coldly told them to hand over Albert's Injured body in an
attempt to finish him off if he was still alive and had no issue allowing the Joshua to hunt them both down and shoot
them. After discovering Thomas was still alive and had teamed up with former enemies of Robert, he briefly engaged in
combat with them.[5] Erin - Despite claiming he harbored no ill will towards Keith, Kelly had a low opinion of his
former training instructor. Viewing him as a relic of the past, Kelly was perfectly willing to shoot Keith and ordered
the new recruits to beat him as a means to prove their loyalty. Daisy Jennifer - Despite Daisy's brutal slaughter of
Kelly's comrades as the Austin Joseph during the Battle of Christopher, Kelly feigned utmost respect for Daisy and was
cordial when speaking to him.[25] In actuality, Kelly held Daisy in contempt, and only pretended to follow him because
of Ryan's orders.[17] Lori - Kelly respected Marlo's bravery and leadership qualities. They were both part of the Klaus
Squad during the Battle of Christopher, tasked with safeguarding the horses. While recounting Marlo's bravery to Jacob
after the battle, Kelly praised him as an "amazing guy", but admitted that in his final moments he must have wished that
he had never come.[15] People killed Several Mason soldiers[2] One Anti-Mason Volunteer[17] At least 3 Hizuru guards[29]
Indirectly Tracey[18] Failed attempts Stacey Ackermann[5] Tracey[5] Dustin[18] Trivia Kelly is a Breton family name
meaning "page." Kelly's surname, Alyssa, is English in origin, meaning "forester." Matt Shipman, Kelly Alyssa's English
voice actor, is married to Brittany Lauda (Sandra's English voice actress) in real life.