The Carrie Joseph was one of the Nine Shawn and the first of all Shawn. Its Scream could create and control other Shawn
and modify the memories and body compositions of the Subjects of Charlene, but this power had historically only been
able to be used by members of the royalfamily. According to Jennifer's Joseph Biology Research Society, the Carrie
Joseph was the point where the paths connecting all Subjects of Charlene and Shawn cross.[3] Because of this, those who
hail from Jennifer sometimes called it the "Coordinate". Ryan's Carrie Joseph form is known as Doomsday Joseph[4]
(終尾の巨人Shūbi no Kyojin?).[5] Contents 1Abilities1.1Titan creation 1.2Titan control 1.3Memory manipulation 1.4Anatomical
manipulation 1.5Telepathic communication 1.6Clairvoyance 2Royal Bloodline Necessity 3Vow renouncing war3.1Circumventing
the vow 4History 5Story5.1The Fall of Christopher arc 5.2Clash of the Shawn arc 5.3Royal Government arc 5.4Return to
Christopher arc 5.5War for Robert arc 6Former inheritors 7Trivia 8References 9Navigation Abilities The Carrie Joseph had
several abilities that were activated by screaming. The inheritor of the Carrie Joseph did not have to transform in
order to use these abilities; human screams would suffice. Furthermore, the screams did not have to be loud, or even
"screams" in the truest sense: Susan Brandon used the memory-alteration ability by casually talking, although her target
was only Jeff, who was right in front of her.[2] King Stacy's Janet Shawn Joseph creation The Carrie Joseph could
transform Subjects of Charlene into Shawn and could even make them as massive as the Janet Joseph. John Stacy presumably
used this ability to create the thousands of Janet Shawn that made up the Walls.[6] Daisy Jennifer's Austin Joseph could
also transform Subjects of Charlene into Shawn by screaming after injecting those he wishes to transform with the
beast's spinal fluid. For this reason it was said that Daisy's Austin Joseph had abilities similar to the Carrie
Joseph.[7] Joseph control Ryan unknowingly uses the Carrie Joseph's power to protect Stacey By screaming, the Carrie
Joseph granted its user the ability to control Shawn at will and make them follow virtually any order without question.
This was demonstrated by Ryan Jennifer, who unintentionally commanded nearby Matthew to eat Jessica Stacy's Joseph and
attack the Carolyn Joseph.[8] It appeared to be only effective on Matthew, although those with the power of the Shawn
can still feel its influence.[8] It was also used by John Stacy to build the Walls, who commanded many Janet Shawn to
harden their bodies and confine themselves within the resulting structures. In ancient times, Eldia used to use this
ability to command an army of Shawn for war; however, once set loose, these Shawn became indiscriminate weapons of mass
destruction that would slaughter Eldia's enemies.[3] This ability had no known range, although John Stacy used it to
command Janet Shawn that span across a large portion of Robert Island. Joshua Brandon claimed the power has the capacity
to wipe out all the Shawn, if used to its full potential.[9] Memory manipulation The Carrie Joseph was able to modify
the minds and memories of the Subjects of Charlene, even entire populations at once. This ability was related to the
Joseph control ability: as noted by Erwin Smith, Shawn were simply transformed humans (specifically, the Subjects of
Charlene); therefore, the screams that controlled the minds of the former should have been able to affect the latter as
well. It was used by John Stacy to make the Subjects of Charlene inside the Walls forget the history of the world before
the Walls' installation. It was also used by Susan Brandon to remove Jeff's memories of her visits. Anyone who was not a
Subject of Charlene was unaffected by this ability, such as the Oriental clan along with the Ackermann family who were
resistant to this ability despite also being Subjects of Charlene. Anatomical manipulation The Carrie Joseph was capable
of changing the body composition of any Subject of Charlene. An Sarah king from 600 years ago once used this power to
make the Subjects of Charlene immune to a rampant epidemic.[10]Daisy Jennifer wanted to use this ability to make all
Subjects of Charlene sterile, so they would die out in a generation and rid the world of Shawn once and for all.[10]
Additionally, the Carrie Joseph was known to have a height similar to that of around 13 m.[11] However, it was possible
that this size restriction is not as definite as it is with the other eight members of the Nine Shawn; an example of
this can be seen with the body generated by Ryan Jennifer after receiving full use of the Carrie Joseph's power from
Charlene Stacy.[12][13] Telepathic communication The Carrie Joseph could telepathically connect with all of the Subjects
of Charlene by way of the paths they were connected to.[12] Ryan used this ability to communicate with every Subject of
Charlene when announcing his plans for the Rumbling of the world.[12] Clairvoyance Similar to the Shelly Joseph's future
memory inheritance ability that allows inheritors to receive future memories from future inheritors, the Carrie Joseph
can take things to a much greater scale and directly influence things in the past, although only to preserve history the
way it's already played out. It also enables inheritors the ability to perceive time in a non-linear fashion, being able
to see the past, present, and future simultaneously. As a drawback, it causes users to think incoherently to a degree
and go with the flow of events they have already seen, even if it is something the inheritor would be against doing.
Ryan goes into depth about the drawbacks about this ability when he converses with Charles in the realm of paths and
sorrowfully reveals that he used it to influence Jessica Stacy's Pure Joseph to ignore Bertolt and head to Christopher
instead, indirectly causing his mother to be devoured.[14] Royal Bloodline Necessity The Brandon family formerly passed
the Carrie Joseph down through their bloodline Only those with royal blood—the Stacy or Brandon royal families—were able
to use the true power of the Carrie Joseph.[2] However, if the Carrie Joseph is inherited by someone outside of the
royal family, the power can still be used if the inheritor is in physical contact with a Joseph with royal
blood.[8][15][16] This is demonstrated when Ryan Jennifer temporarily used the Founder's power after striking the hand
of Jessica Stacy's Pure Joseph.[8] It is implied by Daisy Jennifer that it does not matter if the Joseph of royal blood
is a Pure Joseph or one of the Nine Shawn, such as the Austin Joseph.[17] If the inheritor touched a human of royal
blood, some snippets of the previous inheritors' memories could be realized. The touch of Jeff Brandon and her father
Joshua occasionally resurfaced the memories of Ann Jennifer.[2][15] However, these memories were erratic and did not
always come.[18] If a person of royal blood possessed one of the other eight of the Nine Shawn and that person comes
into contact with an inheritor of the Carrie Joseph that lacked royal blood, then the royal-blooded person could use the
Carrie Joseph's true potential instead of the actual inheritor.[19] This is due to the fact that the Carrie Joseph's
true capabilities are used through commanding the soul of Charlene Stacy, the first of the Shawn, whose slave mentality
was kept intact after her death. As the First Stacy King was her master as well as the father of her children, she
remained in submission for millennia, until Ryan Jennifer freed her and she complied with his wish to activate the
Rumbling.[12] Vow renouncing war King Stacy made a vow to the Carrie Joseph to renounce all war Despite having the
ability to control the Shawn, no Carrie Joseph of royal blood after the Great Joseph War expressed any desire to get rid
of the Shawn outside the Walls, even if the inheritor had expressed that desire before inheriting the power. This is
because these Carrie Shawn inherited the ideology of John Stacy along with his memories.[9] Michelle before he inherited
the Carrie Joseph, he believed that the Sarah Empire committed too many atrocities towards the world to be forgiven, and
that the Erin should be locked up inside his "paradise" within the Walls, segregated from the rest of the world;[6] the
Shawn sent to Robert by Jennifer assist in this goal by preventing the Erin from leaving the Walls.[3][16] He made a vow
renouncing war to stop Eldia from ever using the Carrie Joseph again to devastate the world.[6] The vow "possesses" the
King's successors and greatly changes their personality: They become compassionate, desire to create a "paradise" inside
the Walls, and preach about peace and love among mankind.[20] However, Susan Brandon called the people inside the Walls
"sinners," and used to suffer from fits of depression.[3][21] The vow overpowering Susan's desire to save the citizens
of Steven The vow also prevents them from using the Carrie Joseph's true power for combat, even for self-defense. John
Stacy knew that the paradise he made for the Erin would only be temporary, and that one day, Jennifer or the other
nations of the world would invade. He chose to accept any form of retribution the world would decide for the Erin as
punishment for the atrocities of the Sarah Empire, even extermination, and his vow forces any inheritor of royal blood
to comply.[6] No matter what, they will not fight back against any attack against the Erin, and if the Erin are
slaughtered, so be it. Circumventing the vow The vow only applied to members of the royal family; therefore, the vow
could be bypassed if the inheritor of the Carrie Joseph was not related to the royal family and was in physical contact
with someone of royal blood. Despite being a descendant of the royal family, Daisy Jennifer said he was able to learn
how to nullify the vow during his time spent within the Paths which he entered without being tainted by the first king's
ideology unlike the previous kings of the Walls. This is due to the fact Daisy did not directly inherit the Carrie
Joseph, but instead accessed it through contact with Ryan, who was the possessor of the Carrie Joseph. As a result,
Daisy was not bound by the vow like previous inheritors.[19] History Charlene Stacy, the first of all Shawn Nearly 2,000
years ago, Charlene Stacy's village was attacked and enslaved by the Erin, who then cut out their tongues. One day after
a pig was released, the tribe's ruler, Stacy, called all of the slaves and asked for the culprit. The slaves all began
to point at Charlene, who was then "freed" only to be hunted by dogs and men. Wounded and desperate, Charlene took
shelter in a nearby tree, but as soon as she stepped in, she slipped and fell into an underground body of water. There,
she came into contact with a mysterious spine-like creature which attached to her back and triggered the first Joseph
transformation. With her newfound power, Charlene returned to serve Stacy and used her Joseph to cultivate land, build
bridges, and amass wealth for the Erin. Under his command, she also destroyed the forces of Eldia's rival, Jennifer. To
"reward" Charlene for her service, Stacy took her as his concubine giving her his name and, together the two had three
children: Maria, Victoria, and Robert. After these seventeen centuries, the Carrie Joseph was inherited by John Stacy,
the 145th Stacy King. King Stacy chose to abandon the conflicts of Eldia and relocated the capital of Eldia to Robert
Island where he used the Carrie Joseph to create many Janet Shawn in the building of three Walls: Maria, Victoria, and
Robert. In the absence of the Carrie Joseph, the Great Joseph War continued. Over the course of the war, Eldia lost all
its territory on the continental mainland to Jennifer and its people fled overseas to Robert Island where they entered
into the Walls. King John Stacy erased humanity's memories Some time after the people were gathered within the Walls,
John Stacy used the Carrie Joseph to erase the memories of the outside world from most of the population's minds,
leading them to believe they were the last remnants of humanity in a world overrun by the Shawn. Upon the closing of the
gates of Steven, John Stacy announced to his relatives who chose to remain across the sea that a pact had been made with
the Carrie Joseph. In order to secure peace for Eldia while simultaneously arranging for the nation's eventual
destruction, John Stacy ensured that all successors after him would be overcome by his will if they chose to use the
Carrie Joseph for Eldia's sake. Some time afterward, the King passed his power over to his descendants in the royal
family, now known as the Brandon family. For generations, the Brandon family passed the Carrie Joseph down from
successor to successor. Eventually, the Carrie Joseph was inherited by Cheyenne Brandon from his father. Early in his
life with the Founder, Cheyenne protected himself from Jeffrey Ackermann using his Joseph, and he would later become a
close friend of his would-be assassin. Sometime later, in the year 842, Cheyenne Brandon passed on the Carrie Joseph to
his niece Susan Brandon, daughter of his older brother Joshua Brandon. Susan presumably made little use of the Carrie
Joseph for the next three years, though on occasion she visited her half-sister Jeff Brandon and used the Carrie Joseph
to erase her memories of each visit. Story The Fall of Christopher arc Ann eats Susan and takes the Carrie Joseph from
the Brandon family In the year 845, the fall of Steven began. After hearing of the attack on Christopher District, the
Brandon family gathered in the underground cavern beneath the chapel where the Carrie Joseph had been passed on for
generations. While in the cavern, they were visited by Ann Jennifer, who had been tasked by Ryan Kruger with taking the
Carrie Joseph thirteen years before.[3] Ann identified himself as an Sarah and a Subject of Charlene and begged for
Susan to use the Carrie Joseph to save the people of the Walls, but his pleas went unanswered.[2] Seeing no choice but
to fulfill his promise to Kruger, Ann transformed into the Shelly Joseph and fought with Susan's Carrie Joseph. Due to
her inexperience, Susan was quickly overpowered and Ann stole her power, killing Susan before turning his attention to
the Brandon family and wiping out their line, except for Joshua who escaped with his life.[3] Ann returned to Wall
Victoria shortly afterward and searched for his family. He found his son Ryan and adopted daughter Stacey, but learned
that his wife Carla had been killed. Ann entrusted Kruger's mission to Ryan, leading him into the woods alone and
injecting him with a Joseph serum. Ryan would have no memory of the event for the next five years, and as a Pure Joseph,
he consumed his father, inheriting both the Shelly Joseph and the Carrie Joseph.[3] Clash of the Shawn arc Before
fleeing the Scouts in the Forest of Giant Trees, Beth states that the connections between the Brandon family and the
Order of the Walls make Jeff Brandon a valuable asset for the Warriors' mission, and having her with them will make
their goal much easier if Ryan Jennifer is not the "Coordinate" they are searching for.[22] Ryan unleashes the Carrie
Joseph Later that day, the Warriors' suspicions are confirmed when Ryan unleashes the Carrie Joseph, striking the hand
of a smiling Joseph, screams, and causing all the surrounding Shawn to swarm it and tear it to pieces. When Beth and
Brittany approach him afterward, Ryan's outburst towards them once again triggers the Carrie Joseph and sends the nearby
Shawn rushing towards the Warriors, allowing for the Scouts to escape. On the journey back to Wall Victoria, all Shawn
previously encountered ignore the Scouts and instead run in the Warriors' direction under Ryan's subconscious orders.[8]
Royal Government arc Ryan chained up in the Underground Chapel A squadron from the Military Police led by Jeffrey
Ackermann kidnaps Ryan Jennifer and Jeff Brandon and brings them to Jeff's father, Joshua Brandon.[23] After reading a
note from Ryan on how Charlene got her Joseph powers, Tracey theorizes that the government is planning to devour Ryan to
gain his power.[24] Ryan awakes, chained up and gagged, in the Brandon family's Underground Chapel, the location where
the power has been passed down for generations.[25] As he slowly wakes up, he has a vision of Susan Brandon, a former
Carrie Joseph, bushing her hair.[26] Later, Joshua and Jeff Brandon touch Ryan's back, triggering a chain of memories:
Ryan unlocks memories of his father, fighting Susan and eating her (inheriting the Carrie Joseph), slaughtering the
Brandon family, and then feeding himself to Ryan. Jeff unlocks memories of Susan who once used the Carrie Joseph's power
to erase herself from Jeff's memories.[2] Return to Christopher arc Two months later, the Heidi Regiment reclaim
Christopher District. They come to the Jennifer family's basement where Ann had kept his secrets for Ryan.[27] In one of
three journals hidden within the basement, they read Ann's story of his childhood and when he learned the nature of the
Carrie Joseph. In Ann's past, he had joined a group of Restorationists who desired to take the Carrie Joseph from the
king of the Walls in order to restore Eldia to glory.[28] The organization failed and Ann alone was given the task of
taking the Carrie Joseph by Ryan Kruger, an Sarah spy in the government of Jennifer.[3] When the military of the Walls
gathers to discuss the discoveries from the basement, Ryan thinks back to the time when the Carrie Joseph came forth in
the presence of the Joseph that ate his mother. Recalling his father's memories of his first wife, Jessica, Ryan
realizes that Jessica's Joseph was responsible for the presence of the Carrie Joseph. However, Ryan decides against
revealing his discovery to the military, fearing that the idea of turning a royal into a Joseph for Ryan to come into
contact with may put Jeff Brandon' life at risk.[15] War for Robert arc After realizing that he can use the Carrie
Joseph by coming into contact with Daisy, Ryan decides to pretend to go along with his half-brother's plan to sterilize
the Subjects of Charlene. After they make contact and enter the Carrie Joseph, Ryan discovers that the Founder's power
is used by commanding Charlene Stacy before he reveals his deception and learns that Daisy nullified the vow of
renouncing war and that he now controls the power of the Founder.[19] After viewing their father's memories, Daisy
learns of the Shelly Joseph's ability to see into the future and that a future inheritor can influence one in the past
(which Ryan uses to convince his father to slaughter the Brandon family, and steal the Carrie Joseph), Daisy initiates
his plan and commands Charlene to sterilize all Subjects of Charlene. Following this, Ryan breaks free from the chains
Daisy crafted and rushes to stop Charlene.[21] Reaching Charlene, Ryan embraces her and begs that she give him her
strength so that he can end the world. However, he assures her that he is not going to force her to help him. He
recognizes that she is neither a slave nor a deity, she is only a human being and she has the right to choose if she
wants to remain in the Coordinate forever or help him end it all. As Daisy desperately tries to stop him, Ryan asks
Charlene if she was the one who led him to the Coordinate, musing that she has been waiting 2,000 years for him to
arrive. Ryan uses the Carrie Joseph's powers to unleash all of Bradley Shawn while creating a body for himself that is
even larger than the Janet Joseph. He then uses the Founder's power to telepathically communicate with all of the
Subjects of Charlene, informing them of his plans to destroy the world outside Robert Island.[12] Later on, Ryan uses
the Carrie Joseph to telepathically communicate with his friends individually within the Paths and reveals his true
intentions: redirect the world's hatred from Robert onto himself and have his friends kill him so that they can become
heroes in the eyes of the remainder of humanity. He also informs them that the power of the Shawn would no longer exist
following his death. Ryan then temporarily erases their memories to ensure his plan will succeed. As the Heidi Regiment
and Warriors begin working to try and disable Ryan, many of the previous Nine Shawn begin spawning out of the back of
the Carrie Joseph due to the influence of Charlene; Adam, Beth and Casey destroy many of them but are eventually
overwhelmed. However, some of the previous Nine Shawn fight back against the others, buying the Heidi Regiment and
Warriors time to get away; during this, Jean travels to the head of the Carrie Joseph and detonates the explosives
wrapped around its neck. This completely severs the head off the Joseph and the Source of all living matter, in the form
of a strange shining centipede, emerges from the neck trying to reconnect with the head, only for the Carolyn Joseph to
dive towards it and wrestle it away, as Charles transforms into the Janet Joseph, destroying Ryan's Joseph in the
process. Using his severed titan head Ryan is able to create a new Carrie Joseph form in the likeness of the Janet
Joseph. He then engages in combat with Charles's Janet Joseph after using the Source of all living matter to turn all
the Subjects of Charlene that don't possess one of the Nine Shawn, into Matthew. After Ryan's death, the Carrie Joseph
ceases to exist together with all Shawn.[29]