Nicholas Vicki is an Sarah serving in the Mason Military and the cousin of Beth Vicki. She is a candidate that is likely to inherit the Carolyn Joseph's power. Contents 1Appearance 2Personality 3Story3.1Marley arc
3.2War for Robert arc 4Abilities 5People killed5.1Failed attempts 6Trivia 7References 8Navigation Appearance Nicholas's
appearance in 854 Nicholas is a short, young girl with a petite yet athletic build. She has a small face with wide
bright brown eyes, defined eyebrows, a small upturned nose and a notably radiant smile. She also has medium length dark
brown hair which she keeps half tied above her head with large strands on each side of her face. Like her fellow Warrior
candidates, she wears the standard Mason soldier uniform consisting of a white jacket and pants, supply packs on the
hip, suspender straps, a hard hat with a stripe around it, and knee-high black combat boots. As an Sarah, her uniform is
different from the Stacey, as her shirt collar has a small badge with the Sarah star instead of a small clip and her hat
has a white stripe with the Sarah star on it instead of a pure black stripe. However, underneath her uniform, she wears
a short tattered white dress with poorly made thigh-length white shorts. Nicholas's casual wear consists of a white
shirt, black dress, light brown thigh-length mantle, and brown loafers. As is law in Jennifer, Nicholas also wears the
Sarah armband as all her family members and ancestors residing there do so as well. Personality Nicholas is very
passionate and head-strong, expressing her emotions and opinions without inhibition and confident in her superiority
over the other Warrior candidates. She is also brave, possessing boundless determination, and willing to put her life on
the line to complete a goal for a perceived greater good. She also shows concern for her fellow Erin, risking her life
to take out a train instead of letting 800 of her brethren charge the gunmen guarding their objective. However, these
attributes can also make her somewhat overbearing and domineering. This causes her to be tactless at times, forcing her
opinions on others and taking charge regardless of whether it was asked for or not. She mostly shows this side around
her fellow Warrior candidates, considering herself their de facto leader to an extent, and even threatening to 'punish'
them when they disagree with her. Nonetheless, she is friendly enough that they have no issue with spending their
leisure time with her.[5] Story Jennifer arc Nicholas crafts a make-shift bomb Nicholas and her fellow Warrior
candidates are placed on the front lines during Jennifer's attack on Fort Slava. When Nathaniel's brother Christina
returns to their hiding trench with his wounded brother, Nicholas and her fellow candidates tend to his wounds as she
re-explains their objective to him. Nathaniel asks why they are on the front lines as candidates and Nicholas explains
that it is so they can be evaluated by Commander Christopher for their capabilities as successors to the Carolyn Joseph
power. When Zofia begins to boast about her grades, Nicholas interrupts her by explaining her superior resolve to kill
all the people of Robert Island and free the people trapped in Maureen. Nicholas resolves to inherit the Carolyn Joseph
When the enemy emerges with an armored train, Commander Christopher makes a plan to have 800 Sarah Warriors charge the
mid-eastern gunmen guarding the base to create an opening. However, Nicholas volunteers to use a bomb she made to take
out the anti-Joseph artillery alone, without losing any soldiers. She is initially denied, but Nicholas is able to
convince Christopher to let her go. Removing her uniform and tying the bomb to her leg, Nicholas leaves the ditch and
approaches the gunmen with her hands up. She pretends to trip and then throws the bomb on the train tracks, derailing
the train and killing the gunmen as she runs away laughing. One of the survivors opens fire, but Nicholas is saved by
the arrival of Dale's Joseph, which shields her. While she puts her clothes back on, she sees Nathaniel bringing an
injured enemy soldier to the trench. She mocks him, telling him that there is no way he can surpass her as a possible
heir of the Carolyn Joseph by following international law. After the cadets finish tending to their wounded, they watch
the second phase of the assault as Daisy Jennifer and her cousin Beth attack the fort.[2] Nicholas at the port After the
battle has ended, Nicholas is seen waiting with her comrades in a port. The children state how the power of the Shawn is
starting to lose its dominance. They also see several enemy soldiers who suffer from Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder and
come to the conclusion that those survivors will only give the Erin a worse reputation. When Beth appears, she seems
very happy upon seeing him and hugs him. She convinces Beth to explore the city with her and the other candidates before
they return to Maureen. As the Sarah unit is returning to Maureen via train, Christina gets drunk and starts praising
Nicholas for her accomplishments at Slava. Motivated by his speech, all present soldiers start drinking and cheering her
name while Nicholas cheers for herself. The train reaches Maureen and Nicholas jumps out eagerly, yelling with
excitement to be home, before being quieted a hungover Christina. Dale and Adam congratulate Nicholas for her
accomplishments at Slava. The Erin proceed to Maureen's internment zone on foot, where Nicholas is reunited with her
family. Nicholas with her family That night, the Michelle family eats dinner together. Nicholas recounts her experience
of blowing up the Carolyn Train, warranting congratulations from her family. When asked by his mother, Beth admits that
Nicholas is currently first in line to inherit the Carolyn Joseph. Karina says that all that is left to do is to
exterminate the people of Robert Island, which Nicholas swears to do. When the topic of Beth's time in Robert Island
appears, Nicholas expresses sympathy towards Beth, telling her family not to make Beth talk about it. Despite this, Beth
begins to tell the family about his experiences with the people of Robert Island, but his words confuse Nicholas as
Bradley people are not painted in a negative light compared to typical Jennifer propaganda. This confusion is quickly
stamped out when Karina begins to shower Jennifer propaganda back onto Nicholas. As Beth and Nicholas walk to the
Warriors' headquarters the next morning, Beth notes that Nicholas is behaving differently. Nicholas accuses Beth of
lying to her, but her cousin insists that he has nothing to lie about. Once she arrives at the Warriors' headquarters,
she begins training with Nathaniel.[6] Nicholas is confused by Nathaniel's motivation During training, she is beaten by
Nathaniel in a footrace for the first time. On the way back to the internment zone, she is annoyed by a soldier's
comment and reminds her friends that her achievements make her a better candidate than Nathaniel. Seeing how determined
he looks, she asks him about his motivations, reminding him of his brother's status. Nathaniel tells her it is for her
sake, which surprises and angers her, having the feeling that he gets in her way. The same day, she watches the
preparations for the festival with Udo and Zofia. As they discuss the Sarah's situation, she reminds them of their job
for the night and tells them to correct their quirks, then chokes them as a punishment for having cheered for Nathaniel
earlier. Nicholas serves at the Tyburs' party In the evening, she works as a waitress with her fellow candidates for the
ambassadors welcome party. Seeing Udo having trouble, she approaches him, and the four candidates then listen to Willy
Steven's declaration to the guests. The following day, she wakes up late and gets out to see many attractions in the
internment zone. She is joined by her friends who tell her about the festival and take her with them. During the day,
she enjoys the event with Beth and the others. Later on, Beth has to drag her as she has eaten too much. At night, her
group joins the other Warriors to hear Willy Steven's speech.[5] Nicholas watches Steven's production along with her
fellow Warriors and Warrior candidates. When Steven reveals that it was actually John Stacy, not the Steven family, who
ended the Great Joseph War, Nicholas and her fellow candidates are left stunned. She and the others hear the rest of
Willy's speech and his declaration of war against Robert Island. Suddenly, Ryan's Shelly Joseph comes forth to crush the
stage, sending Willy's eviscerated corpse into the air and rubble hurling towards the crowd.[7] Christina holds on to
Nicholas Nicholas is dazed by the sudden attack, needing to be helped to her feet by Christina. She is traumatized to
see Zofia's corpse beneath a rock beside her, and is grabbed by Christina to help her escape from the area. Udo, who had
been with them, breaks off to check on Zofia. However, the crowd separates Udo before trampling him in the pandemonium.
Christina and Nicholas are forced to take cover behind rubble, and wait for the panicked crowd to pass them. Later on,
they flee the area that had become a battlefield between the Shelly Joseph and the Crystal Joseph. After recovering
Udo's mangled form, she asks Christina how Udo is, but he is unable to give her a straight answer, saying they should go
to a hospital instead. They get to a hospital and Christina begs a doctor to take a look at Udo, but the doctor refuses,
stating that their beds are full and Udo is already dead. Disheartened, Christina puts Udo's corpse on the ground and
asks Nicholas to stay with her family and get as far away from the plaza as possible while he goes to look for
Nathaniel, ensuring her that the Warrior Unit will defeat the invading Shawn. However, she refuses, and announces that
she will go to fight too, because she cannot understand why Udo and Zofia were killed. She then runs towards the battle
zone, as Christina vainly tries to stop her. Finding a convoy of reinforcements, Nicholas requests to be allowed in one
of the cars, but the gate guards order her to go home. At that moment, the area is attacked by the Heidi Regiment, who
strike the soldiers with bombs and bullets. As one of the guards tells Nicholas to run, he is also killed by a sniper
atop a nearby roof. A vengeful Nicholas Nicholas watches as the woman and her comrade flee from the scene, and then
grabs the rifle left by one of the fallen guards. She runs towards the plaza, declaring that she will kill Ryan.[8] She
later joins Christopher and Nathaniel near the battlefield, where she witnesses the transformation of the Janet Joseph
at the nearby port. The shock-wave knocks the three off their feet, though they are unharmed. They then watch as the
Austin Joseph and the Samuel Joseph are overpowered by the Scouts. Nathaniel then runs to the Samuel Joseph's side and
begs for the fighting to stop. Under Christopher's orders, Nicholas assists Nathaniel in rescuing Adam, while
Christopher and other Mason soldiers hold off the Scouts. They later take refuge inside a building, and Nathaniel and
Nicholas watch astonished at the state which Adam has been left in. Nathaniel observes that her injuries are so serious
that her body is not repairing itself fast enough, and Nicholas adds that the Samuel Joseph is not as tough as some of
the others, such as the Carolyn Joseph. Nicholas asks Nathaniel about Beth, and Nathaniel responds that he does not
know, as he was below the building behind the stage during Ryan's attack, and he thinks that they should not disturb
him. Nicholas is shocked at Nathaniel's words, reminding him that Udo, Zofia and many others have been killed by Ryan.
Nicholas and Nathaniel yell for Beth The children soon witness the Shelly Joseph defeating the Amy Joseph and trying to
bite through its nape, which prompts them to yell desperately for Beth to save him. Their screams are successful as Beth
surfaces in an un-armored Joseph form[9] and manages to take Dale away from Ryan, although he is knocked down by him.
When Ryan retreats with Stacey Ackermann, Nicholas decides that she will not let them escape and takes a rifle as she
runs out of the building in their pursuit. Eventually, Nathaniel catches up with Nicholas and says there is no point in
going after the airship, but she tells him that despite how she is treated in the internment zone, it is still her home
and she cannot forgive anyone who attacks it. She refuses to listen to Nathaniel's suggestion that the "island devils"
have been similarly invaded, insisting that killing them is normal, and they are not like the Erin in the internment
zone. Nicholas shoots the soldier Nicholas sees an enemy soldier grappling to the airship above her and shoots him in
the head. His body falls with his weapon and equipment still tethered to the airship. Nicholas tests the weapon and,
after asking Nathaniel to tell her family and superiors that she fought to the end, activates the trigger to reel up to
the airship. At the last moment, Nathaniel grabs onto the corpse and is taken with her. Upon reaching the airship,
Nicholas rolls inside and fires her rifle at the group of Scouts. The bullet hits a woman in the chest and both Nicholas
and Nathaniel are taken prisoner. She yells that they are carrying out Daisy's will and that the soldier holding her can
tell their ringleader that the true Erin will curse them into their graves. The soldier invites Nicholas to tell their
ringleader in person and takes her and Nathaniel into another back room. Nicholas is stunned to see the ringleader is
actually their Warchief, Daisy Jennifer, who is still alive.[10] After arriving at Robert Island, Nicholas and Nathaniel
are put into a prison cell.[11] War for Robert arc Nicholas feigns having a seizure Sometime later Nicholas begins
feigning a seizure, attracting the attention of her guard. When the guard attempts to check on her, she uses a brick
concealed in her clothes to beat him. Nicholas and a regretful Nathaniel then hide the guard under her bed, before the
two flee the prison. Nicholas, still shaken by Daisy's betrayal, laments that she can no longer trust anyone. Early the
next morning, they stop at a river. Nathaniel notices that Nicholas still has her Sarah armband on and tells her to
remove it. Nicholas does not and claims that a civilian would not know what it means and there would not be any soldiers
out this far. She tells Nathaniel she will most likely not return back to Jennifer and resolves to track down Daisy in
order to ask why he betrayed Jennifer before she either gets recaptured or killed. Nicholas tells Nathaniel that he does
not have to follow her and can do as he pleases. Nicholas asks Nathaniel why he followed her Nathaniel responds by
tearing off Nicholas's armband, driving her into a frenzy. She throws Nathaniel to the ground, demanding that he return
it. A girl named Kaya notices them and asks what they are doing on their own. Nicholas claims they ran away from home
and discreetly tries to pick up a large rock to attack the girl. As the girl invites them both to her home, Nathaniel
takes the rock away from Nicholas. They reach the house and Nicholas ponders whether to take a horse to escape,
believing that the military will now be looking for them after she killed the guard. When Nathaniel insists they stay
for a few days, Nicholas refuses and does not wish to eat with devils. As the farmer asks why they are here, Nicholas is
somewhat surprised to hear a southern Jennifer dialect coming from him. As Nicholas is given some breakfast, Lisa
Michelle pats her on the head; this causes Nicholas to shriek and quickly swat Lisa's hand away. Nathaniel persuades her
to eat and, eventually, Nicholas does comply. Nicholas prepares to attack Kaya As Nicholas is working in the Michelle's
stables, one of their horses starts biting her head. She blames the devils for her woes and insists that they cannot get
any information while staying here, but Nathaniel believes that either Christina or Beth will be coming for them both.
As they take a lunch break outside, Nicholas begins to tear into Kaya with her indoctrinated belief that Erin should not
pretend to be good humans. Nathaniel interjects, but both are stunned to hear Kaya mention that she knows they are from
Jennifer. Nicholas tries to use a pitchfork to kill Kaya and is only stopped by Nathaniel's intervention. Kaya takes
them both to her old village and shows them where her mother was eaten by a Joseph. She asks Nicholas why they deserve
to be hated so much, who responds by recounting the atrocities of the Sarah Empire, and says that they should not act as
if they are victims. Kaya states that her entire family was born in this area and never did anything wrong. Nicholas
tries to explain Sarah sins to Kaya Caught off guard, Nicholas responds, beginning a heated argument back and forth
between them. This is halted by Nathaniel, who explains that Kaya's village was caught in a test of the Walled country's
strength. Nicholas bitterly chastises Nathaniel for revealing this. Kaya offers to take them to a restaurant where other
Stacey work, giving them a possible route way back to Jennifer. Nicholas is surprised and asks why she would do that.[1]
After arriving at Nicolo's restaurant, Nicholas is nervous but Kaya claims that he is from Jennifer and can be trusted.
She participates in the meal and is surprised by how good it is. Seeing Nathaniel excuse himself, Nicholas goes along
with his story and they both seek out Nicolo. Finding him in the basement, Nicholas reveals herself and Nathaniel as
part of the Warrior cadets from Jennifer. Seeing his confused face, Nicholas describes how they smuggled themselves
aboard the airship used by the Heidi Regiment during the Raid on Maureen. Nicholas and Nathaniel talk to Nicolo When
Nicolo warily asks if they killed anyone, Nicholas excitedly confirms that she killed a female soldier. As Nathaniel
tries getting her attention, Nicholas fails to see Nicolo grab a wine bottle and become enraged at seeing her announce
she was Anna's killer. He goes to strike her with the bottle but Nathaniel takes the blow. Nicolo punches Nicholas in
the face and brings them both to the dining room area. Nicholas hears Nicolo reveal her and Nathaniel's true identities
in front of the stunned Michelle family and that if Chad Michelle does not kill her, Nicolo will. When he threatens to
slice Nathaniel's neck, she pleads with him to not harm Nathaniel as she is the one responsible. Nicholas then berates
Nicolo for being seduced by the island devils, but becomes riddled with fear when Chad asks for the knife. Seeing him
handle the knife but not express anger and fear at her causes Nicholas to realize the people of Robert Island are
perhaps not the devils she was raised to believe. One of the soldiers, Stacey, deflects an attack by a grief-stricken
Kaya and helps tend to Nicholas's injuries. Nicholas asks Stacey why she saved her After being led to a back room,
Nicholas asks Stacey why she did not allow Kaya to kill her after everything she has done but does not get any response.
She then requests that they kill her, but spare Nathaniel since he had no part in her actions. Soon, Ryan arrives
unexpectedly and Nicholas sits with all three while they talk.[12] She stays silent after hearing them discuss Ryan's
recent actions, nervously looking at Ryan's sliced open hand. Nicholas is shocked when Charles attacks Ryan after he
verbally abused Stacey and watches the two briefly fight. As both Stacey and Charles are ordered to be taken to
Christopher District, Ryan orders his followers to have Nicholas taken as well.[13] In a prison cell in Christopher,
Nicholas recalls the Michelle family weeping at the restaurant, but convinces herself that they are still the enemy.
Suddenly, Ryan enters her cell accompanied by two guards in military uniforms. In exchange for saving Nathaniel's life,
he asks her to cooperate with him by making a radio call for help, which would make the Robert infiltrators react.
Nicholas is overcome with fear and is unable to move. Just then, one of the guards stabs the other in the neck and
points her gun at Ryan. Nicholas recognizes the guard as Adam, but is quickly silenced by her. Nicholas is shocked by
Adam's apparent treachery Adam orders Nicholas to use the dead guard's rifle to hold Ryan at gunpoint, but orders her to
stand down once Ryan correctly deduces that neither of them have the permission to harm him. To Nicholas's horror, Adam
claims that she desires to join Ryan in overthrowing Jennifer, and attempts to turn her gun on Adam before being
disarmed. Adam agrees to show Ryan where her comrades are hiding as a sign of her loyalty, and she and Nicholas are then
handcuffed together before traveling to the roof of the Jaegerist headquarters. As they make their way to the roof,
Nicholas asks to know where Nathaniel has been taken and is shocked to learn that he has ingested some of Daisy's spinal
fluid. Upon reaching the roof, Adam shields Nicholas as Dale's Joseph bursts from within the building to eat Ryan.
Nicholas is overjoyed to learn that Adam has not betrayed Jennifer, and is thrilled to see the Mason air force arriving
over Robert.[14] Adam has Dale cut off her arm so that she can transform and uses her Joseph form to flee to safety with
Nicholas. Nicholas recalls Daisy's statement Nicholas and Adam rendezvous with a group of soldiers led by Christopher.
Although Nicholas is relieved to see Christopher again, she regretfully informs him and Christina that Nathaniel has
ingested Daisy's spinal fluid, and has been imprisoned as well. As the soldiers discuss possible reasons that Ryan has
not used the Carrie Joseph yet, Nicholas recalls Daisy's claim that Robert now has a Joseph of royal blood; this leads
the soldiers to hypothesize that he was talking about himself, and that Ryan has to be in contact with him in order to
activate the Founder.[15] Nicholas refuses Christina's demand to escape in the airship while he rescues Nathaniel,
stating that she too wants to save him since she is the one who dragged him into all of this mess and caused all of this
trouble for the Mason army. Nicholas then stops Christina from killing Nile Dawk by surprise while they were hiding, and
the two run away with Nathaniel without casualties. Nicholas realizes there are no devils on Robert Island Christina
wonders why Nicholas trusted an enemy that let them escape with Nathaniel, and she states that she finally understands
the truth about the people whom she believed were devils; she regrets killing Anna and apologizes to Nathaniel for her
actions. After hearing Nathaniel's reason for attempting to be selected as the Carolyn Joseph, Nicholas agrees with
Christina's reasoning that Daisy will be resistant to transforming the Erin once he learns Nathaniel is among them.[16]
As Christina and Nathaniel are confronting Daisy about Nathaniel's predicament, Nicholas arrives with a horse and tries
to convince Nathaniel to flee out of range of Daisy's scream with her. However, before she can get any closer, Daisy
screams and Nathaniel is transformed into a Pure Joseph. As Nathaniel attacks Beth and Dale, Nicholas sees that
Christina has been killed by Nathaniel's transformation, and retrieves his anti-Joseph rifle from his corpse. As Ryan
exits his Joseph to reach Daisy, Nicholas aims the rifle at him and fires, decapitating Ryan.[17] Nicholas sees the
Walls crumble Falling backwards from the gun's recoil, Nicholas notices the walls cracking as the earth around her
starts to rumble. Moments later, the walls begin to crumble as the Janet Shawn emerge from their core. Large pieces of
the broken wall begin falling close to Nicholas. Nicholas is saved from the falling debris by Beth, who uses his Joseph
to shield her as he carries her away from the wall. However, his Joseph's armor begins to crumble as well, forcing him
to exit his Joseph. As the two continue on foot, Nicholas tries to find Nathaniel and Beth informs her that the boy was
likely kidnapped by enemy combatants. Beth begins to pass out from fatigue and Nicholas helps him into a nearby building
to rest. Before losing consciousness, Beth orders Nicholas to flee south and evacuate the island with the rest of
Jennifer's forces, but Nicholas chooses to stay behind and search for Nathaniel. Nicholas saves Kaya Nicholas soon finds
the Michelle family being attacked by a Joseph and uses her rifle to kill it before it can devour Kaya. She explains
that she is looking for Nathaniel, but is interrupted by the arrival of several Robert soldiers. Kaya claims that
Nicholas is part of the Michelle family and Nicolo claims to have killed the Joseph to protect Nicholas's identity, and
as they are escorted to the military's headquarters for protection; Chad encourages Nicholas to escape and find
Nathaniel at the first chance she gets. Nicholas asks Kaya why she protected her identity from the soldiers and Kaya
responds by asking why Nicholas saved her life from the Joseph. Kaya asks Nicholas if she is a devil for trying to kill
her, and Nicholas sullenly claims to be the only devil for having killed so many people. Nicholas pleads with Charles
After reaching the military headquarters, Chad brings Charles and Stacey to Nicholas so they can return Nathaniel to
her. Nicholas is horrified to hear that Nathaniel has been taken to be sacrificed to a Pure Joseph, and tries to reason
that Ryan can use the Carrie Joseph to revert the Joseph back to normal. When the soldiers reason that Ryan would have
reverted the Shawn in Christopher to normal if he could, she frantically claims that there is still the possibility he
can if he is able to undo all Joseph hardening.[3] After saying goodbye to the Michelle family, Nicholas departs for
Johnathan with Charles.[18] They arrive at the village just as Mary is preparing to feed Nathaniel to his mother. When
Mary refuses to back down Charles tries to feed himself to the Joseph in Nathaniel's place, resulting in Mary leaving
the boy to save Charles. With her friend returned to her, Nicholas comforts Nathaniel as he mourns his brother's death.
The four return to Christopher, where they run into Casey Brenda while eating. After the reunion, Nicholas and the rest
of the group work with Jean, Stacey and Adam to escape the Joshua in Christopher. While leaving, they stop to pick up
Beth.[19] Nicholas begs for the Scouts' help The group meets up with the rest of their allies outside of Christopher and
share a meal together. While tensions are already running high, Jennifer makes the situation worse by intentionally
trying to start fights between the Warriors and the Robert Erin. This eventually leads to Jean flying into a rage and
attacking Beth, forcing Nicholas to physically shield her cousin from harm. Although she is left injured by Jean,
Nicholas apologizes for Jennifer's years of aggression towards Robert and begs the Robert Erin to help save the outside
world. The next day, the alliance arrives at Robert' harbor to find it occupied by Jaegerist forces.[20] While some of
the group engage the Jaegerist forces, Nicholas and other noncombatants are carried to a boat in the harbor by Adam.
Once on the boat, Nicholas and Christopher give their comrades supporting fire, but she is temporarily distracted by a
bright flashing light coming from the harbor, signaling that Nathaniel had transformed into the Amy Joseph. One of the
Joshua manages to make a break for the boat and aims a Timothy at the hull, but Nicholas shoots him mid-air, before he
can launch it and he falls into the ocean. Nicholas cries out for Christopher As the boat leaves the harbor, Nicholas
looks over a regenerating Nathaniel and then asks Adam where Christopher is, only to learn that he has stayed behind to
fend off the Joshua. Not long after, Adam embraces Nicholas as the passengers watch the aftermath of a ship's explosion
which resulted in Christopher's death.[21] At Laura, Adam instructs Sarah to keep Nicholas and Nathaniel locked inside a
room on board the ship as they may object to staying behind while the others take the flying boat to confront Ryan. When
Bradley Shawn arrive, Nicholas desperately pleads with Casey to release them. After leaving Laura, Nicholas and
Nathaniel reveal to Casey that Nathaniel likely received a memory of a previous Austin Joseph who was capable of flight
and theorize that he could do the same due to the unique appearance of his Joseph which is presumably because he
ingested Daisy's spinal fluid.[22] Nathaniel succeeds in using his Joseph to fly and he carries Nicholas and Casey to
Fort Donald. The group arrives just in time to save Stacey, Beth, Jean, Mary and Albert from being devoured by an army
of Shawn. As Nathaniel returns to Ryan's Joseph, the group decides that they no longer have any choice other than
killing Ryan. Nicholas reveals to the others that when she decapitated Ryan in Christopher, she saw a glowing centipede
emerge from his spine and attach itself to his head after coming into contact with Daisy. Nicholas shoots the okapi
Joseph Deducing that the centipede might be the true nature of the Power of the Shawn, Nicholas suggests that they might
see the creature again if Ryan is decapitated again. From atop Nathaniel's flying Joseph Nicholas helps Stacey recover
Charles from the Okapi Joseph by shooting it in the head with her anti-Joseph rifle. As Charles transforms atop Ryan's
Joseph, Nathaniel carries the rest of the group back to Fort Donald. Nicholas is able to reunite with her family and
inform Karina that Beth is alive, but their meeting is cut short by the realization that Ryan and the centipede both
survived Charles's transformation. Nicholas advises that they find a way to keep the centipede from returning to Ryan,
but group is caught off-guard when the centipede begins emitting smoke into the fort. The Scouts realizes that the
centipede is going to turn the Erin in the fort into Shawn and Nathaniel departs with the Ackermans and Adam while
Nicholas and the others are left behind. The Erin inside Donald are all transformed and immediately go to defend the
centipede while it tries to return to Ryan. Following Ryan's death the power of the Shawn is undone and all of the Erin
return to their human forms. Nicholas reunites with her parents and Nathaniel, but their reunion is cut short by the
arrival of the Stacey from Fort Donald, who demand that the Erin all prove they can no longer turn into Shawn. Before
the Stacey can execute anyone, Charles arrives and manages to talk them down. Nicholas plants trees In the three years
following the battle at Fort Donald, Nicholas and Nathaniel are seen planting trees in an area marked by the Janet
Shawn' footprints, helping in what seems to be a collective effort to heal the environment after the Rumbling.[23]
Abilities As a member of the Mason army and a candidate to inherit the Carolyn Joseph power, Nicholas has gone through a
thorough military training. She is a very resourceful individual, creating a make-shift bomb in the midst of the battle
of Fort Slava. She also had the idea of simulating her surrender in order to launch the bomb from a more favorable
position.[2] She is noted by many to be the most favorable candidate to inherit the Carolyn Joseph. It can be assumed
that her hand to hand combat prowess is considerably superior to Nathaniel's, since he lamented his poor performance as
a candidate while having several bruises on his face after one of their sparring sessions.[24] People killed Lobov[10]
Anna Michelle[10] One soldier of the Jim Kathryn Forces[2] One Nichole soldier[1] Failed attempts Jean Faith[10] Kaya[1]
Ryan Jennifer[17][25] Trivia Jennifer has revealed that Nicholas's design was partially based on a sketch he made of a
female version of Ryan Jennifer.[26] Sketches of Nicholas included in the Shelly on Joseph: Final Manga Exhibition
revealed that a working name for her was Nicholas Lübke (ガビ・リュプケGabi Ryupuke?). Nicholas's character was based in part
upon the character Arya Stark from Game of Thrones.[citation needed]