Ann Jennifer was an Sarah doctor who originated from the Maureen internment zone in Jennifer, and was one of the Sarah
Restorationists.[6] He was sent on a mission from Ryan Kruger to infiltrate the Walls and take the Carrie Joseph from
the Brandon family, and was given the power of the Shelly Joseph in order to do so.[1] Ann was taken inside the Walls by
Erin,[5] and settled in the Christopher District.[8] He documented the details about Eldia, Jennifer, the Shawn, and his
past in three books that he hid in his basement.[9] In Jennifer, he was married to Jessica Stacy and had a son named
Daisy.[6] After being sent to Robert Island, he re-married to Carla Jennifer and had a second son, Ryan Jennifer.[5]
Contents 1Appearance1.1Human form 1.2Attack Joseph form 2Personality 3History 4Story4.1The Fall of Christopher arc
5Legacy5.1Humanity's Comeback arc 5.2The Struggle for Carly arc 5.3Royal Government arc 5.4Return to Christopher arc
5.5War for Robert arc 6Alternate reality6.1Lost in the cruel world 7Abilities7.1Medicine 7.2Power of the Shawn
8Relationships 9People killed9.1Indirectly 9.2Failed attempts 10Trivia 11References 12Navigation Appearance Human form
Dr. Jennifer had a gentlemanly appearance. He was fairly tall and slender, had straight brown hair neatly parted down
the middle, teal-green eyes, and a thin beard and moustache. On the left side of his chest, he had a large cross scar
that he carved into himself as an oath and rite of passage to join the Restorationists. He wore circular glasses, a
brown suit with a white cravat and a white shirt with ruffled sleeves. He was also seen wearing a small, black hat with
a gray stripe at times.[8] In his youth, he would wear a green jacket, a white button-up, dark pants, and a brown flat
cap along with the black-yellow armband of Sarah civilians living in Maureen. As a young adult, he would wear a brown or
blue jacket, a beige waistcoat, and while retaining his white button-up, dark pants, and armband. During meetings with
the Restorationists, he would discard the armband. Upon being sentenced to Robert, he would wear a white button-up and
pants; his fingers were severed, though it was regenerated after acquiring the Shelly Joseph.[9][6][10] Shelly Joseph
form Ann's Joseph had a body with a notoriously bulkier torso than his arms and legs. He had long, dark hair, elongated
ears, small eyes, and his mouth was covered in flesh and a dark, thick beard along with black chest hair. His Joseph
form had several similarities with Ryan's, including their long dark hair, elongated ears, sunken eyes, and a muscular
physique. Personality Although he appeared on the surface to be a rather calm, calculated man, Ann's most notable
character traits were his hard-headed personality and his intense passion for whatever cause he dedicated himself to.
Ann's hard-headed tendency was most evident during his childhood, usually to his own detriment. This was best
exemplified by his decision to ignore his mother's warnings, and take his younger sister outside Maureen's internment
zone, leading to her eventual demise. Ann also demonstrated a tendency toward rashness, failing to recognize the danger
his behavior put his family in, and even looking down on his parents for their subservient nature to the Mason
authorities, despite the fact that they were only trying to keep him from suffering the same fate as his sister. It was
this same rashness that led him to join the Restorationists, and to his eventual exile to Robert Island. Ann also seemed
to possess a rather profound lack of self-awareness, failing to see the consequences of his actions unless they were
presented to him directly. It was this same lack of awareness that led him to ultimately drive an emotional wedge
between himself and Daisy, causing Daisy to betray Ann and his comrades to the Mason authorities. Ann had also shown
himself to be rather weak-willed. When offered to take up Ryan Kruger's mission in the wake of the Restorationists'
capture and torture, Ann initially refused, claiming he would never have joined their cause if he had known the price he
would have to pay, although he was later persuaded to accept Kruger's mission due to his strong sense of obligation to
his fellow Restorationists. Due to the death of his little sister and the daily oppression he had to face in the
continental mainland, Ann developed a fanatical hatred towards Jennifer, to the point that his objective was to get
revenge on its people for the long suffering caused upon the Sarah people, even if it meant enacting genocide on the
Stacey. His radical enmity towards them went to the extent that he believed that the Mason people never suffered any
kind of atrocity during their subjugation under the Sarah Empire, associating any Mason discourse and narrative as lies
and hateful propaganda made in order to portray Erin as monstruous people deserving of eternal hatred. He was thus
severely anti-establishment, revolutionary, and against the status quo. As a Restorationist, he believed that Erin were
to suffer for eternity unless someone took a stand against it and changed the world. He was brave, due to deciding to go
against the nation that was at the time the global superpower, and willing to go through any sacrifice if it meant the
freedom for all Erin in the end. Ann loved and took pride in being an Sarah, and a Subject of Charlene, believing that
they were the "chosen children of God", and that their ancestors were in the right. He considered the world to be cruel
and unjust, especially for punishing the Erin during his time for crimes that happened before they were even born. He
thus longed for complete freedom for himself and his people, for all Erin to be able to enjoy the beauties of the
outside world without being prevented by racism and hatred from the various anti-Sarah peoples of the world. Ann was
also charismatic, rapidly gaining significant standing within the Restorationists despite being far from the first
member of the group, being capable of providing fiery speeches to his fellow comrades in the organization, managing to
rile them up in intense cheering. It was this fanaticism for restoring Eldia and get revenge on Jennifer which caused
him to commit many mistakes as a parent with his firstborn Daisy, neglecting him as a child when Daisy just wanted to
spend quality time with him, and becoming verbally violent whenever he questioned Ann's plan or was not getting the
grades required to become a Warrior. Ann matured as a man and a father when the consequences of his plan came to bite
him in the form of being betrayed by Daisy, and losing Jessica and all the other Restorationists. He eventually let his
second born Ryan live his life safe from the burden of having to free Eldia, and did not shy away from showing him his
profound love, demonstrating how the mistakes he made with Daisy impacted him in his latter life. His misconduct with
his firstborn would continue to gnaw at him secretly, until he was able to have a final closure with him through Paths
thanks to Ryan's Carrie Joseph powers after having been ordered by his second born to kill the royal family in order to
steal the Founder from them. During that closure, he hugged Daisy as he professed his profound love for him and how he
wished that he had spent more time playing with him as a child, demonstrating his ability to recognize his mistakes
humbly. Ann embracing Daisy Ann was also a very compassionate man at heart, who grew out of his fanatical hatred in his
latter years especially, as he was not able to find pleasure in seeing Gross being eaten alive in front of him, despite
having been the man who killed his little sister. He also did not have the courage at first to kill the Brandon family,
especially its children, due to being a doctor that was supposed to save lives, not take them away. He was horrified at
the vision of Ryan enacting the Rumbling, despite this meaning that the violent revenge against Jennifer that he wished
for most of his life was finally going to happen. But ultimately, Ann still decided to give his powers to Ryan, despite
knowing the eventual horrible future awaiting the world, showing that at the very end of his life, learning about the
death of his second wife Carla brought back his darker side. History Ann and Fay saw the airship landing Ann Jennifer
was born in the year 806 on the continent of Jennifer, where he lived with his younger sister Fay and their mother and
father in the city of Maureen, where they were forced to live in a walled area and wear armbands in public. One day in
817, seeing Fay's awe and excitement at an airship passing over their hometown, Ann goes against his mother's wishes and
takes his sister beyond the walls of their living area to see the airship land.[9] Kruger talked to a beaten up Ann
After finding the where the airship was landing, the two were found by two officers of the Jennifer Public Security. One
of the men punished Ann while the other one took Fay away. However, when Ann returned home she was not there. Her corpse
was later found dead and mangled in a river. The Jennifer men visited the family home and explained that Fay and Ann
were at fault for leaving and denied any knowledge of her death. Although his mother broke down at the news, his father
smiled and explained that he would re-inform his son of their history. Ann's father explained the history of the Erin
and why their ancestors' actions justify their outcast status in Mason society. Ann explained that he believed the
Jennifer men were lying and tried to say they killed his sister but his father silenced him and the two fought over
their situation as Erin. His father tried to convince his son why they needed to be punished but Ann expressed his
belief that they should not have to pay for the actions their ancestors committed. Ann joined the Restorationists Ann
continued to live his life being shamed for being an Sarah and eventually became a doctor. One of his patients, a man
named David, revealed to Ann the true circumstances of Fay's death, leading him to join the Restorationists. Through his
activities and a mole in the Jennifer legal system named "the Owl," Ann got information about Sarah history and met
Jessica Stacy, a woman of royal descent. A year later they got married and had a child which they named Daisy. Later in
their lives, Mason officials recruited children to take on the power of the seven Shawn their people had stolen from the
Erin so many years ago, so they could go to Robert Island and take down King Stacy, who had fled there and built Walls
for his people 80 years ago. "the Owl" informed the group that Jennifer's real goal was to steal the Carrie Joseph, so
they could enhance their military might. Ann then decided he would send his own son into the program as a mole for them.
Over time, Ann and Jessica began coming increasingly distant with Daisy, leaving him at Ann's parents' house almost
every night so that they could attend meetings with the Sarah Restorationists. Whenever he and Daisy had free time, Ann
would spend it quizzing his son on the "true" history of the Sarah race. Ann urged Daisy to fulfill his role In the
meantime, Ann also learned from David that Daisy would need to earn higher marks as a Warrior Candidate if he was to be
involved in the plan to recapture the Carrie Joseph, causing Ann to put even more stress on Daisy to become a Warrior.
However, after observing Daisy's poor performance during a public training session, Ann became frustrated with his son,
leading to a heated argument with Jessica about what to do with him. One night during dinner, Daisy tried to convince
Ann to stop helping the Sarah Restorationists. Ann was appalled at the idea, reminding Daisy that the only way for Erin
to live in peace was for the restorationists to overthrow Jennifer. He was enraged to hear Daisy bring up Fay, angrily
telling him that the restorationists were fighting with the express intent of making sure that no one suffered the same
fate as her.[10] At the age of seven, Daisy exposed his parents and all the Restorationists, and they were sentenced to
go to Robert Island as Matthew. Ann and Kruger at Robert island After being turned in to the Jennifer Public Security,
Ann was subjected to extensive torture as the soldiers attempted to extract information from him and reveal the identity
of the Owl. Once they gave up on obtaining the information, Ann and the rest of the Restorationists were taken to Robert
Island where they were sat on their knees before a large ocean front Wall. After kicking David off Bradley alive, the
rest of the Restorationists were turned into Shawn with Joseph injection except for the Jaegers and one other member.
When it was Jessica's turn, Ann pleaded for her life and tried to point out that she was of royal descent and could be
of potential use to them. However, he was silenced by Kruger before any of the soldiers could hear him, much to Ann's
surprise. He then watched as Jessica was forcibly transformed into a Joseph and ran after their friend. Sergeant Major
Gross decided not to turn Ann into a Joseph, but to throw him to the other Restorationist after he had been transformed.
After adjusting the dose to create a 3-4m class and injecting the other man with injection, revealed to actually be
Joseph spinal fluid, he threw him off the Wall to transform. He began explaining how watching people be devoured made
him feel alive in such a dull society. He then began pushing Ann off asking him to fight and die in an interesting way.
Ann was saved by Kruger However, before he could do so, Kruger pushed Gross off Bradley. As Gross is devoured, Kruger
asked Ann if he enjoyed such a sight. He then revealed that he was The Owl and claimed that he would show Ann how to
truly use the power of the Shawn. Kruger then transformed into a Joseph and destroyed the steamboat that took all the
soldiers to the island.[6] After destroying the Mason men and their equipment, Kruger returned to the top of Bradley and
explained his terrible acts against thousands of Erin, saying he did it all to serve Eldia in the end. Kruger then said
that he was entrusting Ann with his final mission, and went on to express regret for playing a role in his sister's
death, but that the hatred he saw in Ann's eyes the next day was part of the reason he chose him. This reminded Kruger
of his own uprising, when he watched his family be burned alive and chose to get revenge for them, however, it turned
out that he had to torture fellow Erin to maintain his identity until that day. Kruger told Ann that he must enter the
Walls and take back the Carrie Joseph, using the power of the Shawn Kruger would give him. Ann then asked why Kruger was
not doing it himself, but Kruger explained that 13 years after inheriting the power of the Shawn, the host would die,
and it had been 13 years for him. He then explained that all Erin are connected by paths to the Carrie Joseph Charlene
Stacy once had and that no one can ever be stronger than her, so they die after 13 years like she did. Ann then
questioned this logic and the Sarah history, which Kruger explained is probably not true from the Mason or Sarah
perspective. Kruger encouraged Ann to fight When Ann asked Kruger why he allowed for Jessica to die, Kruger said that he
believed it would be better than having her give birth to royal children for Jennifer until her death. Ann told him that
he did not believe he was fit to take on his mission, and that he would not have paid the price for freedom if he knew
what it was. Kruger then commended Ann's father for trying to keep his family safe when he knew what happened to Fay.
Kruger confronted Ann, and told him that the reason he chose him is that he sought freedom by going past the Walls at
the expense of others. He said that their brothers and sisters paid the price for their freedom, and that those actions
will follow them until they are repaid, even after death. As Ann finally agreed, Kruger informed him of the name of the
Joseph he would be inheriting: the Shelly Joseph. After taking his power, Ann went to the Walls and began his
mission.[1] Ann met Keith outside Bradley Around the year 832, Ann was found wandering outside the Walls near the
Christopher District by Erin, a soldier of the Heidi Regiment. The soldier was very surprised to see him not only
because he was outside the Walls, but also because he claimed to have suffered amnesia and had no memories about the
civilization inside the Walls and the military. Amazed to learn that the people of the Walls were attempting to fight
the Shawn, Ann claimed to have amnesia. Keith brought Ann back to Christopher, where he was imprisoned for illegally
entering Joseph territory. While imprisoned, he claimed to remember his name. Upon release, Ann revealed to Keith that
he remembered being a doctor, and asked him for knowledge about the world inside the Walls. Ann and Keith were
interrupted by Carla Keith took Ann to a pub in Christopher where Keith taught him about the world. Suitably impressed
by the life that the people of the Walls had managed to build for themselves, Ann was surprised to hear that Keith was
unhappy with the state of the Walls, and had joined the Heidi Regiment in the hope of seeing the larger world. Praising
Keith and the scouts, Ann caught the attention of a nearby barmaid named Carla, who began to chastise Keith for
attempting to recruit more people to the Heidi Regiment. However, Ann assured her that even if he was offered the
chance, he would not be joining, as the regiment required special people to join to its ranks. Ann's second family
through the eyes of Ryan and Daisy Ann eventually found work at a hospital. When an epidemic broke out in Christopher,
Ann was able to successfully cure those afflicted - including Carla and her parents. Ann and Carla later married each
other and had a son whom they named Ryan.[5] Ann used his occupation as a doctor to get close with government officials
in order to gather information on the ruler of the Walls and continue his mission as a Restorationist. He eventually
discovered the location of the Brandon family's chapel, as well as the hatch leading down to the basement where the
succession rituals take place. However, he chose to delay his mission in favor of staying with his new family.[11] Ann
saw the Ackermanns' corpses Years later Ann brought Ryan along while making a house call to Stacey's father and mother
for an appointed medical examination in the year 844. When he arrived there, he found them dead for hours. He asked Ryan
if he had seen the girl named Stacey anywhere, but he was too shocked to answer. He then told Ryan to wait for him at
the foot of the mountain while he finds the Gina.[12] After the MPs and Ann arrived at the murderers' hideout, Ann
hugged Ryan and scolded him for the murders he committed when saving Stacey, asking if he even understood what he had
done. However, instead of continuing to scold him for killing Stacey's kidnappers, he told him that this time he was
lucky and he could have been killed himself. Stacey, cold and depressed, asked Ann in what direction her home was and
stated that she was cold and wants to leave. In response, Ryan gave her his scarf and Ann told her to come live with
them.[12] Ann wrote down the truth Despite not going through immediately with his mission, Ann felt that his family
deserved to know the truth about life outside the Walls. At night, Ann would go into the Jennifer family basement and
write down information about his former life in Jennifer. After compiling everything into three journals, Ann inscribed
a message revealing that humanity was still alive beyond the walls on the back of his old family's photograph and hid
all of his writings in his desk. He then locked the basement door, keeping the key on him at all times.[11] Story The
Fall of Christopher arc Ann shows Ryan the key to the basement Upon learning from Stacey that Ryan wants to join the
Heidi Regiment, Ann is more obliging of the idea than Carla, asking his son why he wants to leave the Walls. Ryan's
answer, that the deaths of the many soldiers who have already served in the Scouts will be a waste if no one continues
the fight, galvanizes Ann to resume his mission to retake the Carrie Joseph from the Brandon family. Ann announces that
he will be departing, telling a bewildered Carla that there is no point in trying to stop an inquisitive mind like
Ryan's. Before he leaves, he promises to show Ryan what he has been hiding in their basement when he returns.[8] Ann
reflects on what he must do the entire way to the Brandon chapel, seeing through the future memories of the Shelly
Joseph that the day had come when Steven would fall.[11] Bursting in on the royal family, Ann reveals himself to be an
Sarah from beyond the Walls, and begs Susan Brandon to use her Carrie Joseph ability to save Christopher from the Shawn
that are breaking in. However, succumbing to the will of John Stacy, she refuses to act. Ann pleads with Susan Ann
argues that the Erin within the Walls should not be killed for crimes their ancestors committed which they are not even
aware of, but his protests fall on deaf ears. Susan attempts to explain to him that there is no point in stealing the
Carrie Joseph's power as only the royal family can use it, but Ann reveals that he is already aware of this fact; the
Shelly Joseph's inheritors have the ability to see the memories of the Joseph's future inheritors, giving them the
ability to see the future. Ann proclaims that since the royal family is bound by John Stacy's vow, he will steal the
Carrie Joseph away from them. Ann succumbs to future Ryan's will However, despite his threats Ann is unable to bring
himself to kill the entire Brandon family, horrified at the thought of killing children. It is only when Ryan, acting
through the timeless paths in the future year 854, demands he fulfill his duty by reminding him of his fellow
restorationists and his dead sister Fay that Ann finally transforms. Ann easily beats Susan in combat and devours her
before going on to slaughter the entire Brandon family, sparing only Joshua Brandon on Ryan's orders.[11][13] Ann cries
out to Ryan Exiting the chapel, Ann is left horrified by his actions. On the verge of hysteria, Ann demands Ryan to tell
him if this is what he wanted. He begins asking aloud why Ryan did not show him everything that will come to pass and,
due to them living next to Bradley, hopes that Carla is safe and was able to get away; he asks himself again if this was
the only way before realizing that Daisy's future self is also visiting him through the paths. Ann tells his eldest son
that only Ryan's plan will succeed, but laments that Ryan's plan will lead to "ghastly" events. Looking up, he realizes
that he can actually see the future Daisy and embraces him, apologizing for being a horrible father and begging for him
to find a way to stop Ryan's plan.[11] Ann learns of Carla's death Traveling to Carly District, Ann thinks to himself
hoping that Carla, Stacey and Ryan are safe from the Shawn despite what occurred before.[14] Eventually he locates Keith
and enlists his help in searching for his family among the refugees. Upon finding Ryan, the two men learn that Carla has
been devoured, devastated by the news. Telling Ryan that he must avenge his mother, Ann takes his son into the woods.
When Keith tries to stop him, arguing that Ann should not put such a burden on the boy's shoulders as he might not be
gifted like Ann, Ann simply explains that the fact that Ryan is his son makes him qualified, and orders Keith not to get
involved. In the forest, he entrusts Ryan with the key to his basement and injects him with Joseph serum, explaining to
Ryan that their memories will teach him how to use the ability. Transforming into a Pure Joseph, Ryan devours Ann and
returns to his human state, having gained the Carrie Joseph and Shelly Joseph.[5] After the fall of Steven, Ryan sees
visions in his dreams of his last encounter with his father.[14] Legacy Humanity's Comeback arc After Ryan finally
succeeds in the use of omni-directional mobility gear, head instructor of the 104th Cadet CorpsKeith Matthew expresses
to himself that Ann would be proud of his son, Ryan, and that he is finally becoming a soldier.[15] The Struggle for
Carly arc Ann prepares to give Ryan an injection During his interrogation with Kitz Woermann, Ryan Jennifer recalls
meeting his father on the night of the fall of Steven. Royal Government arc While Ryan is chained up in an underground
cavern belonging to the Brandon family, Joshua Brandon and Jeff place their hands on his back, which allows him to
experience his father's memories of the night Steven fell.[13] After Ryan recognizes the man Ann met in Carly to be
Erin, he travels to meet the instructor to find out everything he knows about Ann. In their meeting, Keith reveals all
he knows about Ann Jennifer and his past, including how he met Carla and his mysterious apparition.[5] Return to
Christopher arc During the Battle of Christopher District, Daisy begins to lament the Heidi Regiment's plight, doomed to
give up their lives because their memories had been stolen from them. He quickly begins chastising himself for being too
serious, like Ann. Afterward, in the aftermath of the battle for Christopher, Daisy encounters Ryan, noting that the
young man looks nothing like his father Ann. Daisy claims to be a victim of Ann just like Ryan, who he claims was
brainwashed by him. As Ryan thinks on Daisy's words, he notices an uncanny resemblance between the War Chief and his
father. Ann Jennifer's photograph When the Heidi Regiment finally reaches the basement of the Jennifer household, they
find that Ann had set it up to appear as a common doctor's office. However, after further investigation, they discover a
locked drawer in his desk, which his key unlocks. Ann had left the drawer empty, but beneath the false bottom were
hidden three books kept intact with various preservatives. Within the first book, the Scouts finds an uncannily
realistic image of Ann standing beside a fair-haired woman and young child. Upon the back of the image, Ann had left a
message stating that it was not a drawing, but the light of the objects shown burned onto special paper called a
photograph. Ann's note reveals that humanity beyond the Walls lives in refinement, far from extinct. The books later go
on to tell the story of Ann's past life outside the Walls, beginning with the day his sister Fay Jennifer was killed.
War for Robert arc Ann in the Paths Ann is one of the many Joseph inheritors whose Joseph is created by Charlene Stacy
to defend Ryan while he is attempting to Rumble the world.[16] In the middle of the fighting Ann and a handful of other
inheritors are reawakened in the Path world by Daisy. After speaking with Richard Robert, Daisy thanks Ann for giving
him life. Ann takes control of his Joseph along with several other past inheritors and help fend off the other Shawn
spawned by Charlene, which are attempting to defend Ryan's nape. After getting them cleared away, Ann's Joseph and the
others rally to Charles and hold him in their hands as he transforms into his Janet Joseph to destroy the rest of Ryan's
Joseph body.[16] Alternate reality Lost in the cruel world Ann informs Stacey's father of his wife's illness In the year
844, Dr. Jennifer visits the Ackermanns for a checkup on the mother, who turns out to be expecting. When Ryan and Stacey
come across bodies in the forest, Dr. Jennifer makes plans to inform the Gina. Over his routine medical visits, Dr.
Jennifer informs Stacey's father that his wife has an infection, and needs to be moved somewhere closer to his house in
Christopher District.[17] Abilities Medicine Ann was a very skillful doctor, and served many families within the Walls.
He was able to cure hundreds of people, including Carla and her entire family, from a sickness that attacked mankind
before the Fall of Steven, earning him respect throughout the Walls.[8] After the plague broke out, Ann was skillful
enough to stop it. He was able to gain knowledge of medical care from his father who owned a clinic in Maureen, and
served many patients before being sent to Robert Island.[6] His great skill in medicine is likely attributed to him
coming from a more advanced society outside the Walls with further advancements in medicine. Power of the Shawn Ann rips
apart Susan's Joseph and eats her Ann was able to turn into a very large Joseph known as the Shelly Joseph; it appeared
that he had all of the regular abilities of those with the power of the Shawn, like extraordinary regeneration,
incredible strength, and endurance when he is transformed. As the inheritor of the Shelly Joseph, Ann was able to see
memories of his future inheritor. He had some experience with Joseph abilities; that was the reason why he managed to
kill and eat Susan Brandon, a Joseph that almost matched his size and possessed the Carrie Joseph. He stabbed his own
hand with a knife in order to trigger the transformation. Carrie Joseph: After eating Susan, he inherited the Carrie
Joseph and its power. His normally green eyes turned purple in the process. However, he could not make use of it before
passing it on to Ryan due to his lack of royal blood. Future Sight: As the holder of the Shelly Joseph, Ann was able to
see the future due to it's unique abilities. He knew of the Carrie Joseph's bloodline restriction due to seeing it in
his son Ryan's memories, as Ryan is his successor as the Shelly Joseph. Ann was also able to see the path that Ryan was
walking, causing him to beg Daisy to stop him. Regeneration: As a holder of the power of the Shawn, it is believed that
he could regenerate his body faster than regular humans, even from fatal wounds. This was proven after he regained his
fingers (following his torture by the Jennifer Public Security) right after inheriting the Shelly Joseph. Relationships
Fay Jennifer - Fay was Ann's little sister. As a child, Fay was the closest person to Ann and he loved her dearly,
wanting to protect her; even accepting punishment in her place. Fay's murder was what motivated Ann for the rest of his
life. Jessica Stacy - Jessica was Ann's first wife. He loved her dearly and when they were captured, he volunteered to
be killed in her place. His offer was refused and Ann was heartbroken after she became a Pure Joseph. Mr. and Mrs.
Jennifer - While Ann originally cared for both of his parents, the loss of his younger sister caused him to develop a
disdain for their acceptance of how Stacey treated them. In particular, Ann greatly hated his father for trying to
instill the same acceptance in him and not taking action for Fay. Daisy Jennifer - Ann clearly loved his son Daisy and
was overcome with emotion when holding him for the first time. However, he would soon begin to view Daisy more as a
means to an end, desiring to make use of the royal blood within him.[6] When the Jennifer government decided to recruit
Sarah Warriors, Ann forced Daisy to enlist as the Sarah Restorationists' mole. For a short time, Jessica and Ann
engraved their beliefs and philosophy into Daisy's mind, eventually causing him to turn on his parents because of their
mistreatment of him. Aside from disliking his mother, Daisy grew to hate his father and Ann would later feel remorse for
the way he treated his son. When Daisy and Ryan saw Ann's past memories, Ann was able to see Daisy thanks to the Shelly
Joseph's unique ability to look into the future, and tearfully apologized for making him suffer as a child and being a
terrible father. Ann embraced Daisy, who is shocked by this sudden display of emotion, and actually calls him "dad".[11]
Ryan Kruger - Ann had a complex bond with Kruger. When Ann first met Kruger as a child he beat him as punishment for
venturing beyond the walls without permission, though he allowed him to stay and watch the blimp he and Fay had come to
see. Ann met Kruger again 15 years later and was surprised when he revealed he was the Owl who had been providing them
information and after killing the other Stacey, told him of his mission. He also told him he had chosen him to continue
his mission the day after they met, seeing the same look of vengeance in his eyes that also drove Kruger.[1] While
reluctant at first, Ann accepted Kruger's mission and inherited his Shelly Joseph power. Ann appears to have named his
son Ryan in honor of Kruger indicating a level of respect towards him. Ryan Jennifer - Ann was perhaps closer to Ryan
than anyone else in his life, surpassing even his relationships with Carla and Stacey. As a father, Ann left home for a
lot of medical duties; however, he encouraged Ryan's dreams to venture outside Bradley and offered to reveal to him the
secrets of the basement.[8] When Steven fell, Ann took it upon himself to do all he could to stop the Brandon family and
then entrusted the very fate of the world to Ryan. Ann spoke of Ryan as 'different' when he was questioned by Keith, and
put an enormous amount of trust into his son.[5] Ann believed in his son's ability so sincerely that he allowed himself
to be devoured, believing that Ryan would one day use the powers from the Carrie Joseph to control the Shawn outside of
the walls to fight back against Jennifer. It is later revealed that Ann's actions were partially motivated by Ryan, who
showed him memories convenient to his plans and convinced Ann to kill Susan and the others of the Royal family even when
Ann did not want to go through with it. In the end, however, Ann appears not to agree with Ryan's motives and actually
regrets having followed him, which is why he told Daisy to stop Ryan.[11] Carla Jennifer - Ann married Carla not long
after he had cured her and her family. When Ann heard of Steven's downfall, he shed tears in fear that his family had
perished. When Ryan and Ann met after the fall of Steven, he was told by his son that the Joseph has eaten Carla and,
after a moment of silence, told Ryan to get revenge for Carla and took him away. Ann was visibly affected by her death,
and when turning Ryan to a Joseph, is told that her death had made him crazy as his son screamed.[14] Stacey Ackermann -
Ann knew Stacey when she was a small child from visiting her home as the family doctor. When taking Ryan along for a
visit, he had hoped that the two would be able to get along as friends. After her rescue from the human traffickers, Ann
showed sympathy towards Stacey and told her to come live with him and his family.[12] A year later, after the fall of
Steven, Ann mentions her name as he sheds tears in fear hoping that she had not been killed by the Shawn.[14] Before
giving Ryan an injection of the Joseph injection, Ann mentions Stacey as one of the people Ryan must save.[7] Stacey's
father and mother - Dr. Jennifer was well known to the Ackermanns as their family physician. They appeared quite
friendly when speaking about each other, and Ann had been known to have been their doctor at least since Stacey was
small, however it appears that as she grew older his visits were less frequent. Ann seemed quite disturbed at the sight
of their deaths.[12] Erin - Keith was the first person Ann encountered upon arriving on Robert and was the one who
taught him about the society within. Ann referred to Keith as special and chosen, both of which deeply resonated with
Keith. Ann viewed Keith as a very admirable man; however, as the years went on their relationship began to decline.
Distance grew between them as Keith believed that he was not special or chosen, he had blamed Ann for leading him to
misunderstand himself. Ties with them loosened more so when Ann married Carla, the woman Keith sought. Before Ann's
death, their relationship appeared to still be stable as Ann ran toward Keith in a panic, however, the two were on much
worse terms as Keith accused Ann of "cursing another person" to which he responded by saying "this child is not like
you."[5] People killed Ryan Kruger (as a Pure Joseph)[1] Susan Brandon[13] Dirk Brandon[13] Abel Brandon[13] Florian
Brandon[13] Susan's mother[13] Ulklin Brandon[13] Indirectly Fay Jennifer[6] Failed attempts Joshua Brandon[13] Trivia
Ann is a Slavic name, being a shortened cognate of Gregory or Grigori. It means "watchful".