Jeff Brandon is the current Queen of the Walls. She is a graduate of the 104th Alejandro and a former member of the
Heidi Regiment. She is also the illegitimate child of the nobleman Joshua Brandon and the last remaining member of the
Brandon royal family. During her cadet days, she went by the name of Christa Lenz (クリスタ・レンズKurisuta Renzu?) to take on a
new identity, after being coerced into renouncing her name and claim to the Brandon heritage. She eventually reclaimed
her true name, becoming an important asset to the Regiment. After a successful coup d'etat, Jeff ascends to the throne
and becomes the new queen of the Walls, replacing the old puppet monarch. Contents 1Appearance 2Personality 3History
4Story4.1The Fall of Christopher arc 4.2Humanity's Comeback arc 4.3Distress 4.4The Struggle for Carly arc 4.5Eve of the
Counterattack arc 4.6The 57th Exterior Scouting Mission arc 4.7Clash of the Shawn arc 4.8Royal Government arc 4.9Return
to Christopher arc 4.10Marley arc 4.11War for Robert arc 5Abilities5.1Omni-directional mobility gear 6Relationships
7Trivia 8References 9Navigation Appearance Jeff is petite and the smallest soldier of the 104th Alejandro, from which
the central cast originates. She has long blonde hair, large blue eyes, and a heart-shaped face. Jeff is noted for being
very pretty; this, coupled with her kindness, sometimes caused her classmates to wonder if she is a goddess or an angel.
It is hinted that many of the boys in her class adore her. While on expeditions, she wore her hair in a low ponytail and
donned the traditional Heidi Regiment cloak and uniform - although, since her coronation, she no longer participates.
Personality In her Christa persona, Jeff is usually very shy, kind, caring, and uncertain on how to interact with others
(likely due to her isolation as a child). However, Charlene notes that Jeff's urge to show kindness to others stems not
only from a desire to gain their esteem, but also that of the people around her: to be seen as a good person. This
likely stems from her having been denied the esteem of others as a child and being raised to believe that she was an
unfortunate mistake. The strongest manifestation of this tendency is Jeff's repeated and severe suicidal inclinations;
she expresses the desire to die in a manner so that others will not hate her for having existed at all and will speak of
her and remember her favorably. A prime example is Jeff's attempt to drag a wounded Daz to safety through a blizzard.
Had Charlene not decided to help without prompting, Jeff and Daz would have both froze to death. This was due to her
upbringing, believing herself to be a mistake and hoping that by dying, nobody would hate her. After her abandonment by
Charlene, who leaves with Beth and Brittany, Jeff loses the hope that the revelation of her name seemed to produce in
her. She regresses into a vapid disinterest in anything going on around her, unsure of how to act. She states that while
the persona Christa Lenz was a kind and deeply caring person, the real Jeff is vacant inside. Although Ryan Jennifer
tells her that she seems more genuine and "less creepy" now, she continues to regard herself as lacking any true nature
or identity. However, during the coup d'état, Jeff begins to slowly believe in herself and develop strength, such as
defying her father and later killing him and acting on Stacey's idea to punch humanity's strongest soldier. Like her
'Christa' personality, she develops kindness by freeing Ryan and opening the orphanage, developing her own personality.
History Jeff was born as the illegitimate and unrecognized daughter of Joshua Brandon, head of the Brandon family and
the true monarchs of the Walls. She was raised on the estate owned and administered by the Brandon family. Her mother
was deliberately distant from her, spending much of her time reading or leaving the estate at night via carriages. She
never participated in work around the estate and appeared to have some other source of income.[10] During this time her
older half-sister Susan would regularly visit her. Susan acted as the motherly figure Jeff lacked, teaching her how to
read and playing with her regularly. However, in order to keep Jeff safe, she would end each visit by erasing Jeff's
memories of her. Jeff reading with Susan On one such visit, she brought with her a story book which she read to Jeff.
After she finished reading the book, she took the opportunity to instruct Jeff to live an upright life and help others,
like the heroine of the story Christa. Jeff asked Susan if she could grow up to be as kind as Susan was, and Susan
insisted that she could. She ended the visit by erasing Jeff's memories and leaving, saying she would return again.[11]
Growing up, she began to read every book she could get her hands on, including ones that depicted the typical
relationship between a mother and her child, causing Jeff to question her own relationship with her mother, and desiring
to understand what it was like to have meaningful physical contact with her. This led to an attempt to hug her mother
resulting in her being violently thrown away and causing her mother to openly lament that she did not have the courage
to kill Jeff when she had been born. Though bruised and bloody, Jeff was happy because it was the first time she had
ever been spoken to by her mother. After this incident, she would not see nor interact with her mother again for several
years. During this interlude, she came to understand her position in the Brandon household, particularly that she was
regarded by those around her as a curse and grave burden to her family; though she did not understand the reason for her
treatment and rejection.[10] Story The Fall of Christopher arc Jeff is shocked by Alma's death Days after the fall of
Steven, Joshua Brandon comes to the estate with her mother to see Jeff and to take her into the Brandon household
properly; it is assumed that Jeff would thus be recognized as a child and heir to the Brandon family. As they attempt to
evacuate they are surrounded by unmarked soldiers of the First Interior Squad of the Gina Regiment, who are looking to
remove the blots on the Brandon family name. They confront Joshua over the identity of Jeff and her mother. Joshua in
turn, denies any relation to them. One of the soldiers, Jeffrey Ackermann, restrains Alma and kills her as she
desperately attempts to deny being Jeff's mother and her existence thereof. Her last testament before having her throat
cut are to look at her daughter and coldly state that she wishes she had never given birth to her. The soldiers then
prepare to kill Jeff as well, but Joshua intercepts their efforts by offering an alternative arrangement: that if, she
were to disappear from the Brandon household, assume a new name and identity before enlisting as a soldier, that would
mean they would not need to kill her. The soldiers agree with this, and Joshua gives her the new name of "Christa
Lenz."[10] Living under the new name Christa Lenz, Jeff eventually decides to join the Alejandro. Humanity's Comeback
arc Jeff during the first night at the training grounds After the cataclysm of the Janet Joseph breaching Steven, Jeff
lives in a refugee camp before reaching the minimum age requirement to enable her to enlist as a cadet. On the first day
of training, Anna Michelle gets in trouble for eating a stolen potato during the initiation ceremony, and is ordered to
run laps for the entire day without food or water. At the end of the day, Jeff brings the girl water and a loaf of
bread, which the girl immediately eats before passing out. Charlene, another cadet, approaches and helps Jeff carry Anna
to her bunk. Charlene claims that they can use the kind gesture to blackmail Anna, despite Jeff's claims that she just
wants to help. At a later time during their training, Charlene confronts Anna about speaking in an overly polite tone,
rather than her home's dialect. Charlene begins to criticize her for it, and Jeff scolds her and claims that Anna should
speak however she wants to. At some point during training, the cadets of the 104th Alejandro completed a snowstorm
training exercise, arriving at a base at the foot of a mountain. After her fellow cadet Daz loses consciousness during
the exercise, Jeff elects to try to pull his body along on a cot, despite Charlene's protests. Charlene argues that they
will only survive if they abandon Daz and head for base together, but Jeff insists that they could all survive if
Charlene goes ahead of her. Noticing that Jeff has not asked for help during their entire course, Charlene deduces Jeff
has no intention of saving Daz nor herself, and that she is using their situation as an excuse to search for her own
heroic end.[12] Charlene confronts Jeff about her real intentions Charlene reveals that she is aware of Jeff's true
past, having heard officials from the Order of the Walls discussing her existence. Jeff asks if Charlene joined the
Alejandro in order to find her, and Charlene proposes that it may be due to her own past being similar. Jeff asks if
Charlene originally wanted to befriend her, but Charlene said that they are nothing alike, as Charlene kept her old name
after starting a new life, because abandoning her name would be to admit defeat. By living for herself, she robbed her
enemies of their power. Charlene scolds Jeff for looking for death rather than directing her feelings towards her
enemies, and Jeff says that there is no longer any way for all three of them to survive their mission.[12] Charlene
leads Jeff to a cliff overlooking the base at the foot of the mountain and proposes tossing Daz over the edge so that
she and Jeff can make it to the base alive while Daz could be searched for later. When Jeff objects, Charlene takes
matters into her own hands and throws her aside into a snowbank. When Jeff escapes from the snow and returns to the
cliff, Charlene and Daz are nowhere to be found. When Jeff arrives at base, she spots Charlene outside the base. She
asks about Daz, and Charlene shows her that Daz was safe indoors. Upon looking at the cliff from the ground, Jeff sees
that such a descent would be impossible without a rope. Charlene decides to reveal to Jeff how she saved Daz, but only
if she promises to live by her true name when her secret eventually becomes known to everyone.[12] Upon her subsequent
training and graduation, she is ranked as 10th of the 104th, a rank below Anna Michelle (this is later asserted by Jeff
to have been given the tenth position by Charlene).[6] Distress Jeff is held hostage In the year 848, two years before
graduation, Jeff accompanies the other cadets on a wilderness hunt to sustain themselves in times of peace. Along with
the other cadets, Jeff is pulled into an equipment heist by thieves in the forest and is kidnapped, held as a hostage so
the cadets do not retaliate. The ones left behind create a plan to try and rescue her, and after some trouble and the
eventual capture of the thieves, Jeff is safely returned and the thieves arrested.[13] The Struggle for Carly arc During
the struggle for Carly, Jeff's squad discovers Charles in a catatonic state, following the deaths of his squad mates.
When Mary and Charlene get into a fight over whether or not to leave him, Jeff breaks them up, saying that the deaths of
their comrades has upset them. When Charles suddenly leaves, Jeff's squad continues to move forward through Carly.[14]
Later, while awaiting further orders with her fellow cadets, Jeff listens as Mary gives an account of how he and the
other cadets managed to resupply in the military headquarters.[15] Eve of the Counterattack arc The cadets join the
Heidi Regiment As ordered, in the aftermath of the battle of Carly District, she reports her omni-directional mobility
gear to the Gina Regiment for inspection as a part of the investigation over the deaths of the two captured Shawn,
presumed to have been killed by a soldier using vertical maneuvering equipment.[16] Despite her fears in facing the
Shawn in combat again she volunteers to become a member of the Heidi Regiment, something she later says is a decision
made by her innermost self and that she herself does not understand the reasons behind it. The 57th Exterior Scouting
Mission arc Jeff saves the situation During her first expedition out of the Walls she saves Beth, Charles, and Jean
after they become partially stranded in combat against the Emily Joseph by supplying them with a horse allowing all of
them to proceed on horseback. She is then seen to be holding her position on the tree line (as per orders) baiting the
Shawn and preventing them from entering the forest while the Heidi Regiment attempts to capture the Emily Joseph.[1]
Clash of the Shawn arc Jeff is among the Heidi Regiment recruits that are investigated by Miche Zacharius under
suspicion of being one of Casey's accomplices. The investigation is halted when Nanaba reports that Wall Victoria has
been breached, and the Scouts are ordered to go on horseback and evacuate local citizens nearby.[17] Jeff and Charlene
are placed under Nanaba's command for the mission. Both the recruits are devoid of their omni-directional mobility gear
and Charlene initially voices her aversion to the idea of entering Joseph territory unarmed, though Jeff is willing to
help out. Their team eventually meets up with Gelgar's team, and are shocked to learn that neither team has been able to
find a breach. Unable to double back and search again due to nightfall, the two teams take refuge inside of a nearby
castle to rest for the night. Jeff, Charlene, and Mary find a cannon In the middle of the night, the castle comes under
attack from Shawn. As the four soldiers that are equipped for battle engage the Shawn outside, the recruits try to
barricade the entrance to the castle so that none of the smaller Shawn can get in, but find that the castle has already
been infiltrated. Beth is attacked, and Jeff, Charlene, and Mary roll a nearby cannon into it, knocking it away from
Beth. Another Joseph enters the tower, which Beth manages to push out of a window, getting himself hurt in the process.
The recruits flee farther up into the castle's tower, and Jeff uses a strip of her skirt to bandage Beth's wound. The
recruits retreat to the top of the tower, where they watch as the four Heidi soldiers are systematically killed by the
attacking Shawn. Jeff tries throwing rocks at the Shawn to stop them, declaring that she is willing to fight to the
death against them, but Charlene calls her out for trying to use her superiors' deaths as a reason to die. Taking a
knife from Mary, Charlene reminds her of the promise they made on the night they got stranded on the snowy mountains
with Daz and advises her to live her life with pride. Before Jeff can stop her, Charlene jumps off of the tower and uses
the knife to transform herself into a Joseph. Jeff reveals Charlene her real name After Jeff and the rest of the
recruits watch Charlene fighting against the group of Shawn nearly falling off the tower when Charlene transformed, Beth
questions her if she knew about Charlene's Joseph form. She tells him that she did not know herself despite being so
close to her and refused to believe it at first. When the recruits question whose side Charlene is on, Jeff recalls
watching Charlene's attempt to fight the other Shawn with the others and comes to the conclusion that she is fighting to
protect everyone. She begins to cheer for Charlene telling her not to die and to break down the tower and celebrates
when Charlene does so. She, along with the others, ride on her back and land on the ground safely, except for Charlene
who is eaten by the Shawn. As Jeff tries to make her way to Charlene to fulfill her promise she is nearly grabbed by a
Joseph but is saved by Stacey. As everyone watches in disbelief at Charlene's wounds and the truth, Jeff reveals her
true name.[12] The Scouts regroup atop Wall Victoria and Charlene is brought up via a lift. Jeff looks after her and
speaks to Tracey on Charlene's behalf, claiming that she is undoubtedly an ally to humanity. While Thomas is skeptical,
they note that it would obviously be for the best if they could all get along and work together, stating that Charlene's
information could be a treasure to humanity.[18] Shortly after, Beth and Brittany reveal themselves as the Carolyn and
Janet Shawn. The two transform[18] successfully kidnap both Charlene and Ryan.[19] Jeff joins the combined military
force led by Erwin Smith in chasing them down.[20] Charlene captures Jeff When the military gets to the forest where
Beth and Brittany are expected to be recovering, Jeff is among those that come inside in search of Ryan and Charlene.
The Scouts find Charlene in her Joseph form, looking at each of their faces, and when Jeff arrives Charlene captures her
inside her mouth.[21] Charlene flees and joins Beth and Brittany in escaping with their captives.[21] As they run away
with the Carolyn Joseph carrying everyone else, Charlene removes Christa from her Joseph's mouth and partially emerges
from the nape. She apologizes for eating her and explains that she is going along with Beth and Brittany, and that this
is for Jeff's safety as well. It is not as bad outside the Walls, and no one will say Jeff should never have been
born.[7] Jeff tells Charlene she is not making sense Jeff does not believe Charlene and offers to help her fight off
Beth and Brittany. Though Charlene wavers, she says she cannot let Jeff go. Charlene expects she will be killed to
retrieve the power of the Shawn she stole, but if she hands Jeff over Beth and Brittany, they will speak on Charlene's
behalf. She calls herself pathetic for doing this to save her own life, but Jeff reassures her that she will always be
her ally, even if there are things she cannot tell her.[7] Erwin leads a horde of Shawn into Beth to stop their escape
and Charlene is forced to defend Jeff. In the chaos, they are separated from Beth and Brittany, but they manage to kill
a Joseph together.[7] Michelle when Mary tries to ride away with Jeff, she rejoins Charlene to reassure her that she
feels stronger when they are together. Despite all of Charlene's actions, she believes that Charlene is still trying to
protect her rather than living for herself.[22] They join Anna and Mary in fending off the Shawn around them when a
newly freed Ryan strikes a particular Joseph with his bare hand, triggering something that causes all the mindless Shawn
present to drop what they are doing in favor of devouring the one that had attacked Ryan. Jeff and the others watch in
shock. Ryan's scream then sends the Shawn after Beth and Brittany.[22] Charlene apologizes to Jeff The Scouts prepare to
retreat during the confusion and Charlene pauses to look back. Jeff calls out to her and Charlene carefully reaches out
to caress Jeff's hair before apologizing. She runs back to help Beth and Brittany. Jeff turns to follow her, when Mary
grabs the reins of her horse and says to leave her. She looks back at Charlene, distressed, as Mary leads her away.[22]
Royal Government arc Some time later, Jeff is brought into the new Squad Albert to be safeguarded with Ryan in an
isolated forest cabin. While her friends converse and argue, Jeff sits alone with a sullen expression.[23] Jeff laments
over Charlene Jeff remains aloof and withdrawn for several days, not talking to any of her fellow squad members. She
finally opens up to Ryan while performing chores with him, admitting that since wants to respect Charlene's decision to
go with Beth and Brittany, that she has lost all of her motivation. She apologizes for dropping her more likable
personality, but Ryan admits that he likes her new self more than her Christa persona, since she feels more genuine than
before. Albert receives a message from Erwin warning the cabin's inhabitants that the government is freezing all Heidi
activity outside the Walls and is demanding that Ryan and Jeff be handed over, and Albert has everyone evacuate the
cabin. It is decided that Squad Albert will smuggle Ryan and Jeff into Carly and seek safe harbor with Commander Donald.
Jeff and Ryan are transported in an enclosed wagon driven by Keiji, while Albert runs a decoy strategy with Jean and
Charles posing as the two.[24] The wagon is attacked by members of the Military Police, who manage to tear the roof from
the wagon using their mobility gear, exposing Ryan and Jeff and allowing the soldiers to tranquilize them. Despite an
effort from Albert Squad to recover them, the two are ultimately kidnapped successfully. Joshua hugs Jeff The Gina
transport the two to a discreet location, where Jeff is reunited with her father.[25] Embracing her, Joshua apologizes
for the methods he employed to obtain her, but explains that he had no other way. Joshua offers to take her to where "it
all began," explaining that she possesses royal blood and is the only one who can save humanity.[10] In the underground
caverns beneath a chapel built by the Brandon family, Jeff tells a chained Ryan that everything will be all right,
explaining that Joshua has always been an ally of humanity and had no choice but to deal with Pastor Nick and the Heidi
Regiment. At Joshua's suggestion, she and Joshua place their hands on Ryan, triggering Ann Jennifer's memories in him so
that Ryan will remember his father's sin. Jeff recalls her memories of Susan As a result of touching Ryan, Jeff recovers
her memories of her time with Susan that have been erased. Appalled at herself for somehow forgetting Susan, Jeff asks
to see her so that she can thank Susan for everything she has done, but Joshua explains that Susan was killed by Ryan's
father along with the rest of Joshua's family because Ann wanted the Joseph power that resided inside her. Jeff is
horrified that Ryan's father would do such a thing.[11] Joshua explains that there is still a way for Jeff to see Susan
again, producing a syringe for her. He explains the history of the Carrie Joseph, and its powers, informing Jeff that
members of the Brandon family who possess the Joseph could potentially rid the world of Shawn, a possibility which is
not possible as long as Ryan holds it. Jeffrey interrupts the conversation to express his disappointment in the
bloodline requirement by grabbing Joshua and shoving his gun into his face. Jeff pushes Jeffrey's weapon out of the way
and demands that he release her father. Although Jeffrey tells her that her father does not care for her, and is only
using her because he does not want to become a Joseph himself, Jeff is defiant and claims that there is nothing wrong
with becoming a Joseph and saving humanity. She will eat Ryan, inherit the history of the world, and then exterminate
the Shawn. Jeffrey reminds her that she was an unwanted child. Joshua only saved her because he needs her blood, not
because he cares about her. She watches, visibly upset, as Jeffrey jams a knife in Joshua's mouth while telling her that
Joshua only cares about himself. Joshua tries to explain and pleads with Jeff not to trust anyone else. Disgusted,
Jeffrey finally leaves him alone and walks over to Ryan. He cuts Ryan's forehead to injure him and tells Jeff that they
can both fight to the death as Shawn. Panicked, Joshua gives Jeff a syringe so she can change into a Joseph before Ryan
has a chance to escape his restraints. Jeff wonders why her family never freed humanity She takes the syringe, but
notices that Ryan is not transforming. When she asks why, he expresses regret for all the deaths that happened because
of him and his father and asks Jeff to eat him and save humanity. He says he did not need to happen, causing Jeff to
remember her unwanted childhood and the day that Ryan called her normal. As Jeff pushes the needle into her arm, she
recalls her time with Susan and with Charlene. She asks her father why her sister did not fight. No one in the Brandon
family ever got rid of the Shawn or freed humanity, even though they had the power. Joshua explains that all of the
previous holders of the Joseph became subject to the first king's will that humanity be kept in the dark about the
outside world, and that the Shawn be allowed to roam free, as he had believed that that was the only way for humanity to
live peacefully. Jeff rejects her father's plan Jeff considers her father's words, knowing that humanity does not have a
future if the king's power remains inside Ryan, but she recalls Charlene's words to her about living her life with
pride. Jeff smashes the syringe on the floor, rejecting her father's wishes. She throws him over her shoulder and takes
his satchel before running over to Ryan. She uses the keys to start freeing Ryan and tells him that they are going to
escape. He protests, asking to be eaten, but Jeff cracks him on the head and tells him to shut up. In her opinion,
humanity is the problem. The Shawn can have them. She pulls away one of the chains around Ryan and says she will let him
get away before she destroys everything.[26] Michelle when Joshua transforms into a Joseph after licking the contents of
the broken syringe, Jeff refuses to leave Ryan. She tells him that even if she is humanity's enemy, she is Ryan's
friend, and when she sees someone crying because no one needs them, she wants to tell them that it is not true. She
opens another shackle before being blown back from the winds generated by Joshua's transformation, but Stacey catches
her. The rest of Squad Albert appears to take over Ryan's rescue. However, the group is trapped in the collapsing
cavern. Ryan apologizes for being useless, but Jeff asks him if he really wants to wait here until they get burned or
crushed to death simply because the two of them are enemies of humanity. Ryan gets up and grabs a bottle labeled "Armor"
that had fallen out of Joshua's satchel and breaks it between his teeth as he transforms into a Joseph. This allows him
to harden his Joseph body and create pillar-like structures that support the collapsing cavern without disappearing even
after he is extracted. Jeff voices an alternative to letting Ryan sacrifice himself Jeff climbs out through the open
ceiling along with the rest of the squad, and they follow Joshua Brandon' Joseph on wagon and horseback. Ryan suggests
allowing himself to be eaten again since Joshua Brandon has the right bloodline, but Jeff argues against it. The Brandon
family has tried to undo the First King's brainwashing for decades and as soon as Joshua gets the power he can erase
everyone's memories again. She tells Ryan that this may actually be humanity's best hope, because the Carrie Joseph has
been taken away from the people who have such a terrible idea about what makes peace. Thomas agrees with Jeff and asks
if she is certain of her choice. They cannot restrain a Joseph of Joshua's size so they will have to kill her father.
Jeff thinks about reuniting with Joshua and apologizes to Ryan because she really was going to kill him back in the
cavern, not for humanity's sake, but because she did not want her father to hate her. Now she realizes it is time to say
goodbye. The group reunites with Erwin and falls back to Ryan District to prepare for the Joseph's arrival. As they are
preparing to go to a meeting to discuss how to destroy Joshua's Joseph, Albert takes the opportunity to inform Jeff of
Erwin's plan to install her as the new queen of the Walls. Although her squad mates are not happy with the situation
that Jeff is being forced into, she agrees on the condition that she be allowed to take part in the mission to kill
Joshua.[27] As Joshua approaches Bradley, Jeff helps Thomas and the other soldiers put together a web of rope around
several stacks of gunpowder barrels. Erwin reminds her that she will be queen if they survive this, so it is a problem
for her to be on the front lines. Jeff asks him if the people are so naive that they would obey a ruler in name only.
She has given herself her own mission to carry out, and that is why she is here. Jeff prepares to attack her father's
Joseph When Joshua reaches Bradley, Ryan transforms into a Joseph and hurls the web of barrels into the open mouth of
Joshua's Joseph. The gunpowder in the barrels ignite, blowing off large chunks of the Joseph's head and torso. The
scouts use Holly gear to attack the flying pieces in hopes of cutting the nape before the Joseph can regenerate. Jeff
cuts through a piece of the Joseph and sees memories of a young Joshua jailed while he demands explanations from his
father for not killing the Shawn, Joshua trying to find solace in Alma, and of Cheyenne and Susan expressing their
belief that inheriting their Joseph would not change them. Jeff is crowned the true Queen of the Walls Joshua's Joseph
explodes and Jeff lands on a padded cart. As she regains consciousness, she finds herself surrounded by surprised
citizens, who ask if she is the one who finished off the Joseph. They cannot identify her military posting, since she is
not wearing her uniform. She is initially uncertain if this is truly her own decision, but she stands up and tells them
that she is Jeff Brandon, the true ruler of the Walls.[2] Jeff is crowned as the new queen before a large and
enthusiastic crowd. After the ceremony, she and her friends find Albert so she can punch him, as Stacey suggested. The
rest of the squad tries to talk her down, but as soon as she finds Albert, she punches him in the arm. Despite her fear,
she begins mocking Albert and daring him to hit her back now that she is queen, but to her surprise, he smiles and
thanks everyone.[3] Two months later, Jeff has started running a farm where she can bring orphans and other people in
need, using her family's budget and assets seized from politicians. The monarchy is largely for show, but despite that
the people think well of her. She ropes her friends from Squad Albert into helping her with the chores, much to their
dismay. Jeff looks after orphans on her farm While they are there, she talks to Ryan about his hardening experiments in
preparation for recovering Steven and he admits they need to hurry if they are to do so before Beth and Brittany return.
She asks if Ryan wants to kill them, and Ryan says that he has to. She looks at the farm and tells Ryan that she cannot
regret turning down the First King's power. Jeff believes what they are doing here is right. Ryan expresses his
admiration for her, considering that she was ready to doom humanity when they were back in the cave, and she sputters
that she just got carried away. Before they can talk any further, Stacey interrupts them and takes away the load Ryan is
carrying, ending the conversation.[28] Return to Christopher arc Jeff worries for the Scouts As Charles explains his
plan for victory against the Janet Joseph to Ryan, Jeff stands among the fields of her orphanage with two Gina soldiers
guarding her, worrying for the Heidi Regiment and wondering if the operation to retake Steven and humanity's land will
be successful.[29] After the operation, she is given Charlene's letter. She reads it and learns about Charlene's past.
After she finishes reading the letter, she calls Charlene an idiot and begins to cry. At that moment, she is visited by
Ryan, Stacey, and Charles. She remarks to them that she is glad the three of them have barely changed despite all that
has happened to them. Jeff honors the Heidi survivors Jeff sits at the head of the military meeting where it would be
decided how to proceed after the events at Christopher.[30] Despite being Queen, Jeff merely oversees the meeting until
its conclusion, when she decides that the military will reveal the truth to the populace. Later on, Jeff attends a
ceremony in honor of the Heidi Regiment. As the queen, she awards Thomas with a bolo tie and the surviving soldiers with
medals. While giving a medal to Ryan, her royal blood triggers a memory within him. After realizing something was wrong,
she asks about him concernedly.[9] Jennifer arc Jeff attends a military meeting discussing whether the Walls should
cooperate with the Anti-Mason Volunteers. During the meeting, Ryan admits that he is capable of using the full powers of
the Carrie Joseph if he touches a royal blooded Joseph. Jeff seems surprised when Ryan states that he did not speak of
this sooner out of concern that she may have been turned into a Joseph.[31] Jeff agrees to Daisy's plan When the first
Hizuru ambassadors arrive on Robert, Jeff listens to Sarah Ashley go over the three processes that must be in place to
secure the island's safety. The first of them requires Jeff to inherit the Austin Joseph from Daisy Jennifer, who has
less than a year left to live. The second involves Hizuru boosting the level of technology on Robert. The third is that
Jeff must have as many children as possible during the thirteen years she has the Austin Joseph, so that there will be
more royal-blooded children to inherit a Joseph and protect the island for the fifty years it will take for Robert to
catch up with the rest of the world. Jeff agrees to the plan for as long as it continues to be necessary.[32] Sometime
later, Ryan meets Jeff privately at her farm to warn her that the Gina are planning to feed Daisy to her once he arrives
on Robert. Despite Ryan's suggestion that she either flee or resist, Jeff tells him that she will accept whatever plan
is deemed necessary to preserve Robert. Jeff opposes Ryan's plan To Jeff's distress, Ryan reveals that he will use the
Carrie Joseph to wipe out the outside world. She tries to remind him that there are many innocents beyond the Walls but
Ryan is resolute in his decision. Jeff tells him that she will not be able to live with herself if she does not do
everything in her power to stop him. Ryan then offers to manipulate her memories using the Carrie Joseph's power to
which Jeff replies by asking him about the possibility of her having a child.[33] War for Robert arc Pregnant Jeff
resting By 854 Jeff has become pregnant and spends her time in an undisclosed residence known only by a select few in
the military. One MP believes that this development was influenced by Jennifer while speculating that Jeff's out of
wedlock pregnancy with a local who bullied her as a child was to delay her from inheriting the Austin Joseph from Daisy
after he reached Robert.[32] As the Battle of Heaven and Earth draws to a close, Jeff goes into labor. Ryan is
eventually killed and the Rumbling stopped by the combined efforts of the Scouts and the Warriors. Although the Robert
population still supports Ryan, Jeff uses her power to protect the families of the soldiers who helped stop Ryan. Over
the next three years Jeff gets married to her child's father and begins entering peace talks with the outside world. In
the year 857 the outside world dispatches a group of ambassadors to Robert to begin peace talks. She sends a letter to
the ambassadors explaining that the Joshua on the island have raised an army in the three years since Ryan's death to
prepare for any attacks from the outside world.[34] Abilities Omni-directional mobility gear Jeff's abilities with her
blades and Holly gear are above that of the average soldier, as she was able to get into the top 10 in the 104th
Alejandro despite 218 other soldiers in her class. However, it is believed that Jeff's placement in the top 10 was
largely due to the influence of Charlene, who Jeff knows did something to aid her so that she may have the chance to
going the Gina Regiment, though she is not sure what.[17] Relationships Charlene - Their relationship is complex, but
they are very close, and Charlene has been stated to be in love with her.[35][36] Both girls feel similar to each other,
as they dealt with the same issues when they were younger. For Jeff, Charlene is a trustful person and someone she wants
to side with, and none of them are afraid to point the other their respective flaws. When pressured by Joshua to inject
herself with the Joseph serum and eat Ryan, the memory of Charlene encouraging her to live a life she is proud of gave
Jeff the courage to reject her father's plan and rescue Ryan. Jeff cried mournfully after reading her letter. Joshua
Brandon - Joshua was Jeff's biological father. Jeff met him when she was a child and was going to live with him.
However, when Joshua denied any relation to her when confronted by Jeffrey's Squad and her mother was killed, Jeff was
given the new name Christa Lenz, and years later, Joshua attempted to reclaim her when her true identity was revealed.
While Jeff was not thrilled to see him again, when Joshua opened up to her and told her about his plans Jeff, Jeff
listened and nearly believed everything Joshua said even when interference from Captain Ackermann revealed an ulterior
motive. However, upon hearing on what became of Susan after she received the power and the state of humanity, Jeff
finally rejected Joshua upon realizing that he was only using her to reclaim the Brandon family's power. Jeff then
killed Joshua when he became a Joseph, relieving her past pain caused by him. Susan Brandon - Susan was Jeff's older
half-sister. Susan treated Jeff with kindness and respect, but forgot about her whenever Susan suppressed her memories.
Upon reclaiming her memories, Jeff consumed with grief nearly turned her back on Ryan since his father killed her and
nearly went along with Joshua's claim to 'bring her back'. Anna Michelle - Anna initially regarded Jeff as a goddess
when she brought her food and water after she had spent several hours running.[37] The two seem to have remained close
during their training days. 104th Alejandro - Jeff is admired by the rest of the cadets, and the most popular girl among
them. Many of her male classmates have a crush on her due to her beauty and kindness, as demonstrated when she rescued
Beth Vicki, Charles Jessica, and Jean Faith.[1] Ryan Jennifer - Jeff had always envied Ryan for always knowing his goals
and being able to work toward them. Ryan had initially disliked her Christa persona, seeing it as phony. Since the
revelation of her true identity, Ryan has come to respect her as an honest and normal person, and stating he likes her
better as Jeff, which meant a lot to her and motivated Jeff in standing up to her father and save Ryan's life rather
than consume him. Alma - Alma was the mistress of Joshua and Jeff's mother. But Alma resented her existence, wishing she
had the courage to kill her. Alma was incredibly distant towards her daughter and avoided any and all interaction with
Jeff, preferring to read or go out into the city while Jeff and her parents dealt with the farm work. One day, while
Alma was reading, Jeff tried to hug her, but Alma violently slapped her off, horrified. Crying, Alma wished she was not
born. Michelle though she was bruised and bloody, she was happy that for the first time in her life, her mother spoke to
her. Years later, on the day of her death, Alma turned to Jeff and screamed that she wished Jeff was never born, as
Jeffrey slit her throat. Trivia Jeff's character design for the anime The official site reveals that the majority of her
male classmates had a crush on her, referring to her as the "Goddess" of the 104th. A recurring gag in the series is
that people actually refer to her as "goddess" or by terms related to God in several circumstances. First by Anna, in
Episode 3, when Jeff gave her bread after having fallen, tired from having been forced to run for 5 hours; the second
time by Jean and Charles, in Episode 18, when she came to their rescue after they were attacked by the Emily Joseph. Her
name Jeff is Greek in origin and means "History."[38] Also, her pseudonym Christa is of Greek origin (greek: Χριστή),
meaning "she who is the anointed one." In Hebrew, "the anointed one" is "messiah."[39]Her alias Christa comes from a
character of a book she read as a child. In addition, Jeff's kind behavior is based on this character's personality.[11]
Her alias surname "Lenz" means "spring" in old German. At the Animagic 2014 series panel, producer George Wada confirmed
that Charlene and Jeff are "indeed a couple."[40] Jeff's situation was the opposite of Charlene's. Charlene is a regular
girl who pretended to have royal blood,[21] while Jeff actually has royal blood but pretended to be a regular girl.[25]
They were both also given new names for their fake roles, namely Charlene and Christa. In a 2017 interview, Hajime
Jennifer stated that Jeff is one of his favorite characters.[41]