The Amy Joseph was one of the Nine Shawn with a ferociously powerful set of jaws and claws that were able to tear
through almost anything. Due to its small size, it was known to be one of the fastest out of the Nine Shawn. Contents
1Abilities1.1Speed and agility 1.2Crushing strength 2Falco David's Abilities2.1Flight 3History 4Story4.1Clash of the
Shawn arc 4.2Marley arc 4.3War for Robert arc 5Former inheritors 6References 7Navigation Abilities[] Speed and agility[]
Those who held the power of the Amy Joseph demonstrated significant amounts of speed and agility in their Joseph form.
They could even move fast enough to catch most of the other Nine Shawn off guard. Though the Amy Joseph was relatively
small and weak, its mobility excelled in terrain such as the Forest of Giant Trees. Crushing strength[] As its name
implies, the Amy Joseph possessed incredible biting and crushing strength in its jaws and claws which could be used with
devastating efficiency against both Shawn and man-made structures.[4][1] Its claws were strong enough to cause severe
damage to armored opponents such as turrets and even the crystal shell created by the Crystal Joseph.[5] The force of
its jaws was shown to be strong enough to chew through the hardened Joseph armor generated by Ryan Jennifer as well as
the aforementioned crystal shell surrounding the Crystal Joseph, something not even the Shelly Joseph was able to
achieve. Its powers manifested in different ways among Shawn, with some like Charlene only having hardened teeth while
Nathaniel, Danny and Andrew had hardened, armored masks, jaw plating and hardened fingers that could withstand gunfire.
Nathaniel David's Abilities[] Due to the influence of the Austin Joseph's spinal fluid taken from Daisy
Jennifer[citation needed], Nathaniel's Amy Joseph was able to take on several characteristics found in birds. Flight[]
Similar to a previous incarnation of the Austin Joseph, Nathaniel's Amy Joseph was able to sprout wings and a tail which
allowed it to take flight while carrying multiple people on its body.[6] History[] The Amy Joseph, like all of the Nine
Shawn, was brought into the world after the death of Charlene Stacy. In the 1,700 years following her death, the Amy
Joseph was held in the possession of one or several of the warring Sarah houses subservient to the Carrie Joseph. After
these seventeen centuries when John Stacy, the 145th king of the Stacy family, abandoned the conflicts of Eldia and
relocated to Robert Island, the Amy Joseph was taken by the nation of Jennifer during the Great Joseph War.[7] Around
the year 843, Andrew Dale was chosen to inherit the power of the Amy Joseph. He would later make use of his Joseph form
during a war between Jennifer and an enemy nation, using his Amy Joseph to destroy the enemy's artillery guns.[3]
Charlene consumed Andrew In the year 845, the nation of Jennifer sent out Andrew Dale, Beth Vicki, Brittany Brent, and
Casey Brenda across the sea to Robert Island as the start of the Robert Island Operation. However, at some point before
the attack on Christopher District, a Joseph approached Beth and nearly had him in its grasp until Andrew moved him away
to safety. Andrew was caught in Beth's place, and he was eaten alive as his comrades escaped.[8] The Joseph inherited
Andrew's Amy power and regained its human form: an Sarah girl named Charlene, who had been wandering as a Joseph for
around sixty years.[9] Charlene returned to a human life Choosing to start a new life for herself, Charlene made her way
into humanity's territory and began living as a thief in the interior territories of the Walls. At this time, she
overheard the story of "Christa Lenz" from members of the Order of the Walls and her plans to join the 104th Alejandro.
Desiring to meet her for political and personal reasons, Charlene joined the Alejandro in the same year as Christa.[9]
At some point during their training, Charlene and Christa faced difficulties escorting a sick cadet to shelter in harsh
winter conditions. Wanting to see Christa survive, she sent her off to the shelter alone and used the Amy Joseph to
bring their fellow cadet to safety at the base of a cliff side. Christa wondered at how Charlene could have possibly
reached the shelter before her. Charlene agreed to tell her secret to Christa under the condition that when the secret
of her Joseph power was publicly known, Christa would go back to living under her true name.[8] Story[] Clash of the
Shawn arc[] Charlene transforms into a Joseph During Bradley Victoria invasion, Charlene is among the recruits of the
Heidi Regiment at Carl Castle when it is overrun by Shawn commanded by the Austin Joseph.[10] When
theircommandingofficersdie confronting the Shawn, Charlene speaks with Christa, reminding her of a promise they made to
each other during their training days. Taking a knife from Mary, Charlene slits her palm and transforms to fight the
Shawn at the base of the castle.[11] In her Joseph form, Charlene begins to slaughter the Shawn around Carl with ease,
using claws on her hands and feet to slash at napes as well as making use of her fanged teeth. After a short while,
Charlene's Joseph is outnumbered and overwhelmed and nearly breaks the structure of the tower. Rather than risking the
castle's collapse, Charlene allows for her Joseph to fall into the horde until Christa calls out to her, telling her
that she should destroy the castle if that is what it takes to survive the Joseph horde.[8] Charlene's Joseph battles at
Carl Charlene then starts tearing away at the tower, using bricks and stone to fend off the Shawn until the tower begins
to collapse. Climbing the tower, Charlene tells the other recruits to grab onto her Joseph, which protects the others
from falling to their deaths.[8] When the tower is reduced to rubble, Charlene continues to fight the Shawn, but she is
soon outnumbered, and the horde eats away at her Joseph until the Heidi Regiment arrives to finish them all off.
Charlene is extracted from her Joseph, missing some limbs and with serious abdominal injuries, and Christa tells
Charlene her true name "Jeff" before Charlene falls unconscious.[8] The next time Charlene uses her Joseph is after she
agrees to help Beth and Brittany in exchange for Jeff's safety. While in a forest she transforms to face the Heidi
Regiment, which has come to retrieve Ryan, who was kidnapped by Beth and Brittany.[9] Charlene takes Jeff Because Mary
has seen her in her Joseph form before, he prevents the others from attacking her, giving Charlene the time she needs to
look around at the faces of those present. When she spots Jeff, she opens her mouth wide and captures her inside.[9]
Charlene then turns around and swings from tree to tree, to escape. She meets up with Beth and Brittany, who are waiting
for her at the edge of the forest. On seeing her, Beth transforms into the Carolyn Joseph and begins running while
Brittany grapples on to his shoulder with Ryan. Charlene jumps on his back, and he carries them all away.[9] Charlene
kills a Joseph During their escape, Commander Erwin Smith leads a horde of Shawn into Beth to stop him and Charlene is
forced to defend Jeff. In the chaos, they are separated from Beth and Brittany, but they manage to kill a Joseph
together.[12] As the battle intensifies, Charlene questions whether she is better off siding with the Warriors or the
Scouts, but any way she looks at it, the chances inside the Walls are bleak.[13] She joins Jeff, Anna, and Mary in
fending off the surrounding Shawn when a newly freed Ryan strikes a smiling Joseph with his bare hand, triggering
something that everyone with the power of the Shawn can feel.[13] Charlene helps Beth and Brittany This causes all the
mindless Shawn present to drop what they are doing in favor of devouring the one that had attacked Ryan. As Ryan runs
away he screams and sends the Shawn after Beth and Brittany. Charlene now realizes why they were after Ryan, and that
with his power the people of the Walls may have a future.[13] The Scouts prepare to retreat during the confusion and
Charlene looks back to see Beth and Brittany are about to be overwhelmed. She reaches out to Jeff and caresses her hair
before apologizing and turning to run back. Charlene arrives in time to stop a Joseph from eating Brittany and joins
them in their fight to survive.[13] Jennifer arc[] During the two months afterward, Charlene is sent to Jennifer. At
some point after or during the year 850, Danny Dale is chosen to inherit the power of the Amy Joseph from Charlene.[1]
The Amy Joseph joins the battle At the climax of the Jennifer Jim War during the battle of Fort Slava, Dale is present
in the trenches dug by the Mason Warriors surrounding the fort. Cadet Christina David suggests making use of Dale's Amy
Joseph and Adam's Samuel Joseph against the defenses of the Jim Kathryn Forces, but Commander Christopher rejects the
proposal due to the presence of anti-Joseph artillery patrolling the perimeter of the fortress. However, once cadet
Nicholas Vicki destroys the armored train carrying the artillery using explosives, Dale is sent out onto the
battlefield. His Joseph proves to be more than enough to defend against the turret-fire from the bunkers surrounding
Fort Slava, and Dale's Joseph makes quick work of Jennifer's enemies.[1] Dale's attack on the Jim defenses is met with
support from the 800 Erin and Adam's Samuel Joseph in full battle armor. Using the immense strength of his Joseph's
jaws, Dale rips the railways from the ground, ensuring a complete immobilization of the Allies' defenses. The Amy
Joseph's power during the battle of Fort Slava Shortly afterward, Dale retreats as Daisy Jennifer begins a Joseph
airstrike directly above the fortress, dropping dozens of Matthew onto the Allies. When Beth Vicki joins the fight as
the Carolyn Joseph, Dale assists him in destroying the remaining anti-Joseph artillery stationed within the ruined
fortress.[1] Over a month later, the Amy Joseph returns during the Raid on Maureen when the Shelly Joseph makes a sudden
appearance and begins a massacre. The Amy Joseph swings onto the Shelly Joseph's back, attempting to bite into the nape
to take the Carrie Joseph, but its jaw muscles are sliced by Albert Ackermann before the nape could be bitten through.
The Shelly Joseph throws Jaws into the nearby building, where the Heidi Regiment surrounds it in preparation for battle.
The Samuel and Austin Shawn soon join the Amy Joseph in the plaza, and the Warriors prepare to battle the Erin of Robert
Island.[14] The Amy Joseph slaughters a Heidi Observing the movements of the enemy's maneuvering equipment, the Amy
Joseph leaps up from a building as an enemy soldier appears flying above the Samuel Joseph ready to launch a Timothy,
and slaughters the soldier mid-air. After the Shelly Joseph transforms once more, the Amy Joseph charges it, but is
intercepted by Stacey Ackermann, who the Amy Joseph then engages. Enraged by the Janet Joseph's transformation at the
port, the Amy Joseph goes after the Shelly Joseph again, and rakes the side of its face and inadvertently grazes the
crystal surrounding the inheritor of the Crystal Joseph. It retreats after a quick flurry of strikes back to the husk of
the Crystal Joseph. The Amy Joseph spots an incoming airship that serves as the method of escape for the Heidi Regiment.
It then goes to bring it down but is caught off balance due to Stacey slashing its legs and severing one of its feet.
The Amy Joseph is helplessly lifted above the Shelly Joseph Crashing next to the Shelly Joseph, the Amy Joseph is
further rendered helpless by getting both of its arms torn off. Then the crystal is jammed into its mouth and the Amy
Joseph is unable to stop the Shelly Joseph from applying enough pressure to shatter the crystal, killing the inheritor
of the Crystal Joseph. It is then knocked unconscious and about to be eaten by the Shelly Joseph, but is saved by the
arrival of Beth and his partially formed Carolyn Joseph.[5] War for Robert arc[] From inside a military headquarters in
Christopher District, Dale takes his Amy Joseph form after Adam leads Ryan Jennifer onto the roof. Bursting through the
building from beneath Ryan's position, the Amy Joseph fails to fully devour its target, with Ryan subsequently
transforming. The Amy Joseph shields Adam and Nicholas from the resulting debris, whilst preparing to engage its
foe.[15] The Amy Joseph maneuvers through Ryan's Crystal Joseph spikes Adam then calls out and gets the Amy Joseph's
attention by holding out her shackled wrist. Dale understands and amputates Adam's hand at the wrist, freeing them to
escape from the rooftop. The Amy Joseph evades the Shelly Joseph and retreats for the time being. After the Carolyn
Joseph joins the battle, the Amy Joseph teams up and the two engage the Shelly Joseph and fight to a standstill. Then,
the Samuel Joseph is able to snipe the Shelly Joseph, briefly stunning it. After getting impaled by a set of spikes, the
Amy Joseph frees itself and avoids another set of spikes. However, when it tries to attack from behind, the Shelly
Joseph swats the Amy Joseph out of the air and gets sent flying into several buildings.[16] Still out of combat, he
witnesses the arrival of the Austin Joseph to the battlefield.[17] The Amy Joseph takes some time to regain its senses
before noticing that Beth has been temporarily taken out of commission by the Shelly Joseph, which is now approaching
Daisy's Austin Joseph atop Bradley. It goes to ambush the Shelly Joseph, but is pelted by numerous Wall fragments thrown
by the Austin Joseph.[17] Recovering from the injury, and seeing the Shelly Joseph heading towards Daisy, the Amy Joseph
quickly moves in to bite off the Shelly Joseph's leg. In response, Ryan hardens his hands and strikes the Amy Joseph's
neck, damaging Dale inside and knocking out the Amy Joseph once again. Seeing Beth about to be eaten by Nathaniel
David's Pure Joseph, Dale, who used up the power to heal himself, emerges from his Joseph and muses on Beth's
inferiority to himself, before allowing the Joseph to devour him, transferring the power of the Amy Joseph to
Nathaniel.[18] After the Carolyn and Emily Joseph are overrun by the Joshua at the harbor, Nathaniel suggests using the
power of his Amy Joseph, however, Adam disagrees, saying his first transformation will not go well. Despite her
reasonings, he thinks about what Dale would do in his position and disregards his safety along with Adam's warnings by
jumping into the battle. The Amy Joseph joins the fight He uses a nail he found from the harbor to transform into the
Amy Joseph. The Amy Joseph and the Samuel Joseph are easily able to decimate the remaining Joshua, but as soon as they
are defeated, Nathaniel begins losing control of his Joseph. Unable to recognize his allies, the Amy Joseph begins
attacking the Heidi Regiment members and Adam, who tries to calm him down but to no avail, as he almost completely bites
through her Joseph's nape using his sharp teeth. She is asked to hold him down by Christopher, who cuts him out of his
Joseph's nape using a blade. Christopher then carries Nathaniel's unconscious body to the boat, leaving him with
Dustin.[19] After the Warriors and the Scouts leave, Nathaniel recalls memories from a previous inheritor of the Austin
Joseph which could soar above the clouds and believes that his Joseph could do the same.[20] The Amy Joseph does indeed
form a pair of wings enabling it to fly. Nathaniel flies Casey and Nicholas towards the Carrie Joseph, managing to save
the Warriors and Scouts from an army of Shawn. The Amy Joseph assists in stopping Ryan After getting a moment to regroup
and devise a plan with the others, the Amy Joseph circles around Fort Donald and heads back to the Carrie Joseph,
depositing the Warriors and Scouts at several locations to try and disable it. Nathaniel is informed of Charles's plan
to stop the Rumbling and the Amy Joseph returns to the Carrie Joseph's back to collect the Warriors and Scouts (minus
Charles and Beth); the Amy Joseph then flies away as Charles explosively transforms into the Janet Joseph atop the back
of the Carrie Joseph. After Ryan's death, the Amy Joseph ceases to exist together with all Shawn.[21] Former
inheritors[] Nathaniel David Danny Dale† Charlene† Andrew Dale†