Sarah Ashley is an ambassador of Hizuru and an ally to the Erin on Robert Island. Contents 1Appearance 2Personality
3Story3.1Marley arc 3.2War for Robert arc 4Trivia 5References 6Navigation Appearance[] Sarah is a middle-aged Asian
woman. She is around average in height and has a small nose and mouth, thin eyebrows, and black hair neatly kept in a
bun. When fulfilling her ambassador services, Sarah usually wears the traditional Hizuru kimono, though she still
dresses formally otherwise. Personality[] Like many from the Ashley family, Sarah is sensitive to money. She is easily
bought to ally herself with Robert Island after hearing about its iceburst stone reserves from Daisy Jennifer. The mere
thought of wealth causes her to salivate. Despite her greed, Sarah claims to have a strong sense of pride for the Ashley
family as seen by her desire to protect Stacey regardless of the Ashley's investments in Robert Island. Sarah is a calm
and secretive individual, playing along with Willy Steven's festival and even congratulating him despite knowing what is
to come. She also is sympathetic to Erin, as shown when she chose to cover up Udo's mistake of spilling wine on her
kimono, saving him from the other ambassadors. Story[] Jennifer arc[] Some time between 850 and 852 Sarah meets with
Daisy Jennifer, who explains his wish to restore his ancestral homeland of Eldia and how helping him would in turn
benefit Hizuru and the Ashley family. She is skeptical at first, but Daisy offers Holly gear that he has personally
procured. The iceburst stone that fuels it is a uniquely powerful resource that Hizuru would be able to take advantage
of and make it a powerful nation once again. Sarah calls Stacey Hizuru's last hope In 852, Sarah visits Robert with a
diplomatic delegation from Hizuru where she discovers that Stacey Ackermann is the last descendant of a son of her
nation's shogun clan, from which the Megan are also descended. She calls the passing of the family crest by Stacey's
mother to her daughter, and Stacey's intentions to pass it on to her own children, a noble act. Sarah explains her
arrangement with Daisy to the Robert military and outlines the three processes by which the island can be saved. Her
part is in the second process. Hizuru will work with Robert to bring its level of technology up with the rest of the
modern world. She estimates that it will take fifty years, which is why Robert will need their queen to inherit the
Austin Joseph from Daisy and bear as many royal children as she can in her remaining thirteen years. This will hold the
rest of the world at bay until their technology can catch up.[2] In 853, the Scouts visit Jennifer in order to attend
the "Association to Protect the Subjects of Charlene" international forum. While staying at Sarah's house for the night,
they discuss the state of the Subjects of Charlene outside the Walls and Sarah shows concern over the possibility of
Robert forming friendly relations with other nations.[3] Sarah covers for Udo's mistake In 854, Sarah attends the party
the night before the festival in Maureen. She meets Udo, one of the Warrior candidates, when he accidentally spills wine
on her kimono. Understanding that he would quickly get in trouble for this, she warns him not to make a scene and passes
off the spill as her own mistake.[4] The following night, Sarah visits Willy Steven in the backstage area where he is
preparing for his stage production. She passes off her visit as simply wanting to see his face and calls him a brave
man, a fact her family knows well. Sarah tells him that she hopes he fulfills his duty without incident, but after she
leaves, she tells her escort that it is time for them to go, and she does not stay to watch the production.[5] War for
Robert arc[] Sarah meets Virginia Sarah goes to Robert Island and is greeted by Stephanie Virginia. She congratulates
the nation of Eldia on its victory at Maureen and informs Virginia that she has brought a flying boat which uses
iceburst stone as fuel with her.[6] Sarah is present during a tense Robert military meeting. After Donald dismisses the
soldiers, he goes to her and apologizes for having to see the exchange and asks her to stay by the harbor for her own
safety. Sarah reassures Stacey Before she leaves, Sarah gets ahold of Stacey and asks her to escape on the Megan' ship
if she is worried for her life. Sarah explains if the Rumbling does not succeed, it would spell the end for the Ashley
family, as Hizuru would leave them out to dry. She laments the stigma of her family becoming greedy and scheming vixens,
but still holds the pride of their clan and assures Stacey of her desire to protect her.[1] Sarah is held hostage After
Ryan Jennifer begins the Rumbling, Kelly Alyssa and the Joshua take Sarah captive at the island's harbor[7] to try to
coerce them into contributing to Robert' interests. Although Kelly begins executing her companions, Sarah is unperturbed
and instead points out to him that Ryan's plan to destroy the outside world will not stop the Erin on Robert from
infighting. When Mary and Charles arrive at the harbor, Kelly decides to execute the Ashley mechanics so that they
cannot be used against the Joshua. Sarah intervenes on her companions' behalf, disarming Kelly and leaving him subdued
on the ground. Stacey arrives to help dispatch the rest of the Jaegerist guards, but Kelly manages to escape. Stacey
leads Sarah and her companions to the basement of the building, where they will be safe from the ensuing battle.[8]
Sarah suggests servicing the boat in Laura While hiding, the Ashley mechanics reveal that it will take at least half a
day for them to prep the flying boat for launch, to their saviors' distress. Sarah suggests taking the boat to the
island of Laura to perform maintenance, as they will have better odds with the equipment on the island.[9] The soldiers
agree, and Sarah and her mechanics run for the boat, boarding it while their allies defend them. With the help of
others' sacrifices, they successfully set sail for Laura with the flying boat. Arriving in Laura, Sarah promises Thomas
to have her engineers ready the flying boat before the Rumbling reaches the city. Later that night, Sarah agrees to look
after the two children on the ship at Adam's request. Sarah regrets joining Daisy with Ryan After the boat departs from
Laura, Sarah informs Casey Brenda that they are going to Hizuru, although she admits that the nation has likely been
destroyed. Sarah expresses regret for being one of the people indirectly responsible for the Rumbling being activated.
Casey asks if she would change anything, and Sarah simply says that it is impossible to turn back the clock and she will
always live with her regrets. Their conversation is interrupted by Nathaniel and Nicholas, who believe that Nathaniel's
Amy Joseph might be capable of flight.[10] Sarah and the ship's occupants evacuate to lifeboats so that Nathaniel can
transform.[11] In the year 857, Sarah is seen in attendance with Jeff Brandon awaiting the arrival of the world's
ambassadors to Robert to begin peace talks.[11]