Stacey Ackermann is one of the two deuteragonists of the series. She is the last descendant of the Shogun clan that
stayed on Robert Island, thereby related to the Ashley family, and holds significant political power in Hizuru. After
her mother and father were murdered by bandits, Stacey was rescued by Ryan. She lived with him and his parents for
approximately one year before the Fall of Steven. Though she desires only to live a peaceful life with Ryan, Stacey
chose to follow him into the military—where she is considered the best soldier among the 104th Alejandro. She later
joined the Heidi Regiment to continue following and protecting Ryan. Contents 1Appearance 2Personality 3History
4Story4.1The Fall of Christopher arc 4.2Humanity's Comeback arc 4.3Distress 4.4A Sudden Visitor: The Samuel of Tammy
4.5The Struggle for Carly arc 4.6Eve of the Counterattack arc 4.7The 57th Exterior Scouting Mission arc 4.8Assault on
Justin arc 4.9Clash of the Shawn arc 4.10Royal Government arc 4.11Lost in the cruel world 4.12Return to Christopher arc
4.13Marley arc 4.14War for Robert arc 5Alternate reality5.1Lost in the cruel world 6Abilities6.1Physical strength
6.2Omni-directional mobility gear 7Relationships 8People killed8.1Failed attempts 9Trivia 10References 11Navigation
Appearance Stacey's appearance in 854 Stacey is a fairly tall, physically fit, and well-toned woman with muscles lined
throughout her arms, legs, and abdomen. By the year 854, her hair is shorter and cut up to the back of her neck, though
she simultaneously wears noticeably longer bangs. She is of partial Asian heritage, with pale skin, gray eyes, and
shaggy black hair that was long until she cut it to chin-length at Ryan's suggestion.[8]. By the year 857, Stacey's hair
grew noticeably long and is tied in a ponytail.[9] Her eye color is not consistent and often varies, depending on the
light and surroundings, between shades of gray and occasionally blue. Her body has been depicted as extremely
well-toned, with little, if any, in the way of body fat and muscles lined throughout her arms, legs, and abs. Stacey
also has a small scar below her right eye, which she received after Ryan unknowingly attempted to kill her in his Joseph
form.[10] As a soldier, Stacey often wears a uniform consisting of a short, light-brown jacket with the badge of the
Heidi Regiment on both shoulders, on the front left pocket, and on the center of the back, a white shirt, a brown sash
around the waist covering the hips, white pants, and brown knee-high leather boots. She also wears a green cape with the
symbol of the Heidi Regiment after entering the faction. A unique part of her attire is a dark red scarf, which was
given to her by Ryan after saving her from human traffickers.[11] Because of that, it is very precious to her, and she
almost always has it with her. While in Jennifer, Stacey wears a black Heidi Regiment uniform, which features a
breastplate with the regiment's symbol; many belts to accommodate all the different gear; support rods around her chest
for the gas canister; and tall black boots. She also carries guns, thunder spears, an additional gas tank, and canisters
running vertically down her legs.[12] Personality Prior to her parents' death, Stacey was a cheerful yet unusually
perceptive child. From an early age, she was aware of the harshness of nature, witnessing the manner in which predators
would hunt and kill weaker prey. However, her innocence allowed her to push this reality to the back of her mind and she
continued to live happily with her parents. This illusory peace was shattered when a band of criminals brutally murdered
her parents before her eyes in a failed kidnapping attempt of both Stacey and her mother. She later managed to overcome
the attackers with her rescuer, Ryan Jennifer. Michelle as a child, Stacey managed to abandon all hesitation and kill
one of her assailants.[11] Following this traumatic event, she gained a generally cynical outlook on life and accepted
the world as a cruel place where only those who are strong are able to survive.[13] After the murder of her parents,
Stacey has become noticeably emotionally withdrawn and serious, but she still loves and cares deeply for her friends,
especially Ryan and Charles Jessica, seeing them as the last remnants of a family she cannot afford to lose.[14] Her
personality as a teenager is very much influenced and molded by Ryan, who told her she stood no chance of survival if
she did not fight for it.[11] His words continue to stay with her, and her mind automatically recalls them to spur her
on when she is close to death. Her determination to protect Ryan as much as possible may also have contributed greatly
to her phenomenal skills as a soldier. Though she is among the best of the best, she remains humble and refrains from
putting on airs or displaying arrogance. Stacey's protective attitude towards Ryan Stacey has a strong sense of right
and wrong, but she is also very protective of Ryan and does all she can to advise him to follow what she deems to be the
right track.[15] Despite that, she knows well that she cannot always sway Ryan in his decisions, and she makes a point
to follow Ryan to almost everywhere he goes and stick by whatever final decisions he makes, just so that she can be
around to help him out when he is in trouble.[15] The sole reason she enlisted in the military and joined the Heidi
Regiment after her graduation was to keep an eye on Ryan, despite the fact that she truly wished to live out the rest of
her days in relative peace within the Walls alongside him. She also takes Ryan's opinion seriously, so much so that when
he once said that her hair was too long, she immediately had it cut, even though Jean had just commented that it looked
beautiful.[8] Despite all her blind loyalty, Stacey is quite stoic and level-headed. Her will is remarkably strong, and
she is rarely seen to lose her cool or be at a loss of what to do, no matter how bleak a situation seems to be. Michelle
when she believed Ryan to be dead, outwardly she managed to remain so calm that only Charles could tell that she was
battling with the pain of losing Ryan.[13] However, she is not completely immune to the effects of her emotions. Her
strong feelings for Ryan, particularly when he is in harm's way, does at times cloud her judgment - sometimes to the
endangerment of herself and others.[13][5] A notable example is when she briefly gave in to her grief over Ryan's
apparent demise and lost the will to live - forgetting her responsibility for the lives of the soldiers she had taken
upon herself to lead in the process. However, she was reawakened by her memories of Ryan, after which she made a
conscious decision to never give up again, as if she were to die, her memories of Ryan would die with her. When she
found him alive and well, she completely lost her composure and wept tears of joy. Stacey's bond with Ryan is
undoubtedly her most important relationship and one that defines Stacey. For Ryan's sake, Stacey has expressed a variety
of emotions such as compassion, concern, anger, embarrassment, sadness, and tenderness. She has openly wept tears of
relief at his safety, and developed vengeful grudges towards those who harm him.[16] She relentlessly attacked the Emily
Joseph in a murderous fury as it attempted to abduct Ryan.[17] Stacey blushed when it was insinuated she and Ryan were
lovers and has suffered crippling distress at the thought of losing Ryan forever.[10] Stacey also wears the red scarf
Ryan gave her when they first met, holding on to it as a source of strength and comfort when she is upset.[11] History
Stacey was born to a father who is an Ackermann and an Asianmother.[11] Before her parents' death, she lived peacefully
with them in the farmlands of Steven. Stacey underwent a painful scarring ritual from her mother, who cut into her skin
the mark of their family and was taught a unique style of embroidery.[11] Being the last of their race made them high
value targets to human traffickers, who killed Stacey's parents and attempted to kidnap her for the purpose of selling
her as a slave to the people in the Capital when she was only nine years old.[11] Stacey received the scarf She was
rescued by Ryan, who tricked and killed two of the slavers. He was then overwhelmed by the third trafficker and was on
the verge of being strangled. Desperately, Ryan urged Stacey to fight to win. Although she was initially frightened, she
came to realize that, "This world is a callous and merciless place," dispatching the bandit who was trying to kill Ryan.
When Ryan's father arrived with members of the Gina Regiment, she was given the scarf by Ryan and accepted into his
family. This event awakened the fighting instincts and perfect self-control that would later turn her into a formidable
soldier.[11] She lived with Ryan's family in Steven's Christopher District until it was destroyed by the Janet
Joseph.[18] Story The Fall of Christopher arc Stacey wakes Ryan up Stacey appears for the first time in year 845
somewhere inside Steven. She is seen waking Ryan up, telling him that they need to return to home. She is surprised to
see tears in his eyes and asks why he was crying. On their way home, they meet Hannes. Stacey watches as Ryan complains
about the soldiers slacking off while on duty. Later, both Ryan and Stacey watch the return of the Heidi Regiment
forces, witnessing yet another failure of their expedition. After returning home, Stacey tells on Ryan, revealing to his
parents his desire to join the Heidi Regiment. Annoyed, Ryan leaves, with Stacey following him. They save Charles
Jessica, who is being beaten by local bullies and together discuss their desire to go outside the Walls.[18] Charles,
Ryan, and Stacey see the Janet Joseph At that moment, the three kids witness the sudden appearance of a Janet Joseph
that breaches Bradley's gate. Stacey and Ryan run back to their home to find it crushed and Carla trapped under the
debris. In spite of their attempts, Stacey and Ryan are unable to free her, Hannes rescuing them as a Joseph devours
Ryan's mother.[18] Stacey and Ryan are placed on a ship just as the Carolyn Joseph breaks through the inner gate,
letting the Shawn inside Steven. Ryan's vows to kill all the Shawn as they are transported to safety. Once inside the
safety of Wall Victoria, Ryan confronts a soldier from the Nichole Regiment who manifests his annoyance for having to
share their food with outsiders. The short beating the soldiers give Ryan causes him to claim that he will retake Steven
with his own hands. He insults Charles for his doubt and Stacey punches him to bring him back to his senses. She then
declares that she will do everything to keep him alive, forcing him to eat the rations he had previously discarded out
of anger.[15] Humanity's Comeback arc Stacey during the military training After the events of Bradley Maria's
destruction, the government's desperate attempt to reclaim the lands using the refugees leads to nothing but more
casualties. This prompts Stacey, Ryan and Charles enroll in the military and become members of the 104th Alejandro.[15]
During their training, Stacey helps Ryan as much as she can as he initially fails to grasp the basics of the
omni-directional mobility gear.[8] They manage to pass the qualifying tests, Stacey quickly proving her skills and is
praised as one of the best cadets in military history.[14] At one point, Stacey asks Casey Brenda, a fellow cadet with
exceptional skill, to teach her a self-defense technique that she was teaching Ryan, which eventually calls for a bet
with the 104th Alejandro to see who is the stronger fighter.[19] At the 104th Alejandro' graduation, she is ranked first
in the class.[14] Distress In the year 848, Stacey takes part in a group navigation training exercise under Christopher
Wagner's command. Partway through the exercise, the group's Holly gear is stolen by a band of thieves. The group decides
to speed up their exercise to warn Shelly Angela's group. The next day, Stacey's group rendezvous with Shelly's group,
and help them in disarming the remaining bandits they had been engaging.[20] A Sudden Visitor: The Samuel of Tammy
Stacey working out In the year 849, Ryan and Stacey confusedly watch a brewing fight between Anna and Jean. Afterward,
she and Ryan work to unload crates from a wagon. Carrying a number of them with ease, Stacey notices that Ryan is
struggling and offers to help him with his, but he angrily refuses. During the cooking competition, Stacey is shown
doing her routine body work-out.[21] The Struggle for Carly arc Before having the chance to fully apply in the Heidi
Regiment so she can keep Ryan safe, the Janet Joseph breaches Wall Victoria the same way it did with Steven.[14] Much to
her dismay, Stacey is assigned to the rear guard to help fend off the Shawn while the civilians escape into the safety
of Wall Robert.[22] Before fulfilling her duty, she makes Ryan promise her not to do anything reckless.[22] Stacey kills
the abnormal Joseph Later on, as an abnormal Joseph approaches the escaping civilians who are blocked at the gate.
Stacey kills it, saving everyone. She then witnesses why the civilians are taking too long to escape; an overloaded
cargo cart is blocking the way. Stacey asks the businessman to move the cart so that the people could escape, but when
he refuses, she resorts to threatening him after knocking his guards unconscious, which scares the man enough to relent
and move his goods. Seeing a mother and daughter show their gratitude for saving them, Stacey flashes back to the time
she lost her own parents and realizes that Ryan is the only family she has left. Thus, with the evacuation of Carly
District citizens complete, she heads to the front guard in order to aid her comrades.[11] However, the sole cadet
survivors are low on gas, making them unable to scale Bradley while the supply team inside the headquarters has
barricaded themselves in against the onslaught of multiple Shawn. After hearing of Ryan's supposed death from Charles,
Stacey regroups the survivors and insults them, saying she will break through the Shawn assaulting the headquarters.[13]
Because of her grief over Ryan's death, she fights irrationally and does not notice that she is running out of gas. As
two Shawn close in on her, she contemplates giving up and begins to remember her time with Ryan, recalling Ryan's cries
of fighting back against her kidnappers, which gives her motivation to fight once more. When Stacey stands up to kill
the Joseph in front of her, another Joseph comes running from behind and saves her. This Joseph, which ignores Stacey,
gives Charles enough time to rescue Stacey and they both continue heading to the supply HQ.[13] As they watch this rogue
Joseph continue killing other Shawn, they hatch a plan to lure it to the HQ and relieve the siege there. With its help,
the cadets manage to successfully refill their gas tanks and have clear access to Bradley.[23] Stacey protecting Ryan
and Charles However, as they watch, the rogue Joseph disposes of the last Shawn surrounding them, Ryan appears out the
nape of its neck. Overcome with relief that Ryan is alive, Stacey quickly rescues and embraces him, everyone leaves for
Bradley.[23] However, Jean, along with Casey, Beth, and Brittany are ordered to hand Ryan over to superior officers
under the command of Kitz Woermann and to treat the incident as something confidential.[24] Their refusal to do so
causes Stacey and her friends to be accused of treason and find themselves surrounded by Captain Woermann's men, who are
prompt to execute them. Stacey attempts to defend Ryan by drawing her blades and threatening to kill anyone who would
try to harm Ryan, but witnessing Ryan's Joseph form fighting in Carly District, Woermann does not hesitate and orders a
cannon to fire at them in spite of the latter's claim that he is a human.[24] Ryan uses his power to block the
cannonball and tries to think of a plan of escape. He proposes that they either try to flee over the Walls and escape
into the Joseph territory or have Charles attempt to persuade the soldiers to spare them, leaving him to choose. Charles
tries his best to convince the soldiers that Ryan's Joseph abilities could help to save humanity but realizes the
commander is far too scared to think rationally. Before the order can be given to fire upon them once more, they are
saved when Commander Dot Donald, head administrator of the southern region, intervenes. They are sent on a mission to
plug the breach in Bradley with a rock that only Ryan in Joseph form can lift.[25] As the mission commences and Ryan
goes into Joseph form, he loses control, attacking Stacey, and eventually knocking himself out.[10] The elite team, led
by Ian Dietrich, Rico Brzenska, and Mitabi Jarnach, designated to defend Ryan as he carries the rock quarrel among
themselves about what to do next. Stacey is on the verge of attacking them until Ian orders everyone to continue
protecting Ryan until he recovers.[10] Thanks to Charles's intervention, Ryan eventually regains his senses and
successfully places the rock down, albeit with many casualties. At that moment, they are saved by Albert as he kills the
Shawn approaching them.[26] Eve of the Counterattack arc Stacey's reaction to Ryan getting beaten After the battle of
Carly District is over, Ryan is brought before a military tribunal to decide his future. Despite Stacey's best efforts
to defend him, she is forced to testify against Ryan as his reckless actions have frightened many people in the
courtroom. She is also forced to watch helplessly as Ryan is assaulted and humiliated by Albert.[27] Some time later,
Stacey and everyone else have their omni-directional mobility gear inspected in order to find out the culprit who killed
the two captured Shawn. Later on, Commander Erwin Smith comes to recruit new members for the Heidi Regiment which is
scheduling an expedition within a few months. Many leave except for Stacey, Beth, Charles, Anna, Christa, Mary, Jean,
Brittany, and a few others.[16] The 57th Exterior Scouting Mission arc Stacey among the new Heidi Regiment members
Shortly after leaving for Steven, the Emily Joseph appears and defeats numerous Heidi Regiment members.[28] The
formation eventually reaches the Forest of Giant Trees, with Stacey being stationed at its outskirts, making sure that
no Shawn enter the forest.[29] Eventually, she attempts to approach Ryan as she hears his roar in his Joseph Form. Upon
reaching Ryan's location, she witnesses the Emily Joseph devouring Ryan's human body. After overcoming the initial
shock, Stacey charges at the Emily Joseph, attacking it in order to rescue Ryan.[17] As Stacey is engaging the Emily
Joseph she is joined by Albert and the two join forces to retrieve Ryan. Albert tells Stacey to distract the Joseph but
avoid trying to kill her while he tries to incapacitate her. However, as soon as Albert's attacks give her an opening,
Stacey disobeys his orders and attempts to finish off the Joseph. As a result, she is nearly killed by the Joseph and
Albert is forced to rescue her, injuring his leg in the process. Using the momentum gained from the last attack, he cuts
through the Emily Joseph's facial muscles, causing her to open her mouth and reveal Ryan inside. He grabs Ryan and flees
with him and Stacey, whom he scolds for having risked the life of her "special friend" for the sake of vengeance. They
manage to take Ryan back and join the rest of the formation. While heading to the Walls, the formation is attacked by
multiple Shawn brought by a couple of rookie soldiers who disobeyed a direct order from Commander Erwin, and Stacey must
save the rookies who are caught by the Shawn. Afterwards, Stacey spends the trip back to the Walls riding in the cart
which is transporting Ryan's body. As Ryan regains consciousness upon their arrival, the civilians begin jeering the
Scouts for failing another expedition and Stacey must convince him not to retaliate.[5] Assault on Justin arc Stacey
ready to battle Casey Following the Heidi Regiment's failure, Charles manages to convince Casey to help him and Stacey
sneak Ryan out of Justin District until they can gather evidence to prove to the King that the Walls need to be
protected better. However, when Casey makes excuses not to go underground with them, Stacey gets fed up and draws her
blade.[30] Michelle after Casey transforms into the Emily Joseph, Ryan has trouble convincing himself to fight her, so
Stacey runs out to try holding her off.[31] Eventually, Ryan manages to turn into a Joseph and attacks Casey. When he
begins to overwhelm her, she attempts to climb over Wall Robert to escape. Stacey uses her omni-directional mobility
gear to hurl herself high enough up Bradley to catch up with the Emily Joseph and cuts off all her fingers. She then
proceeds to push Casey off so she falls to the ground.[32] Later that day, Stacey watches over Ryan in a room until he
wakes up from his battle with Casey. She expresses joy at his survival and remains at his bedside as Charles and Jean
head down to a meeting.[32] Clash of the Shawn arc Stacey brutally attacks Beth and Brittany Following the supposed
breach of Wall Victoria, Stacey, Ryan, and other members of the Heidi Regiment come to rescue Beth, Brittany, Mary,
Jeff, and Charlene from Shawn at Carl Castle. She is among the others who learn that Christa's real name is Jeff.[3]
After the Scouts regroup on top of Wall Victoria, Stacey is outraged when she overhears Beth confessing that he and
Brittany were the Shawn responsible for the attack on Steven and want Ryan to join them. She takes them by surprise,
striking them with her swords, and tells Ryan to run. However, her heart is not completely in her attack and she fails
to kill them. Their injuries allow them to transform into the Carolyn and Janet Shawn.[33] Ryan transforms into his own
Joseph to fight Beth's Carolyn Joseph and Stacey, regretting her earlier hesitation, attempts to help him, but her
blades have no effect against his armor. Thomas theorizes that he must have gaps in his protection though since he moves
too fast to be uniformly armored. While Ryan grapples with Beth, Stacey takes advantage of Thomas's suggestion and cuts
through the exposed backs of Beth's knees, further weakening his ability to fight. However, Beth unexpectedly roars,
signaling Brittany's Janet Joseph to fall down on top of him and Ryan.[19] Stacey regrets being unable to protect Ryan
The resulting blast is strong enough to throw back any Scouts nearby. Stacey regains consciousness five hours later to
discover that Ryan has been kidnapped and the Scouts are in no shape to mount a rescue. She had been able to help Albert
save Ryan from the Emily Joseph before because they could pursue her right away, but that is not possible this time.[34]
Hannes offers her and Charles rations to chew on while reminding them that Ryan has always been running away and getting
into trouble like this and that Stacey and Charles have always come to bail him out. He reminds them that Ryan always
fights, even if he is going to lose, so he should be able to hold out until the two of them can rescue him again.
Reassured, Stacey eats her rations to regain her strength.[34] She joins the joint military operation to rescue Ryan and
heads to the forest of giant trees where they hope to find Beth, Brittany, and their captives.[35] Once they arrive she
joins Hannes and a number of her fellow Scouts in searching the inside of the forest where they encounter Charlene in
her Joseph form. Charlene kidnaps Jeff and flees while Stacey and the others chase after her. At the forest's edge, Beth
transforms into the Carolyn Joseph. Charlene jumps on his back and Brittany, carrying an unconscious Ryan, rides on his
shoulder.[36] Stacey expresses her willingness to kill Charlene The soldiers follow the group on horseback and try to
free Ryan from Brittany, but Charlene interferes with their attempts. Realizing that Charlene stands in the way of
saving Ryan, Stacey prepares to attack her, but Jeff jumps in the way, saying that Charlene does not have a choice but
to help Beth and Brittany. Stacey is unmoved, having decided six years ago who was important to her, and she is out of
time and room in her heart to care for more.[7] Fearing that Charlene will be killed, Jeff convinces her to back down,
leaving the rest of the 104th free to try talking Brittany into letting Ryan go, though Stacey is considerably less
forgiving than the others. Though Brittany expresses regret over their betrayal, he refuses to hand over Ryan and the
Scouts are forced to jump off the Carolyn Joseph when Erwin leads a horde of Shawn into Beth. After the Carolyn Joseph
is immobilized by the sheer number of them, Erwin calls for the soldiers to charge in and recover Ryan.[7] Stacey's ribs
are crushed Stacey rides her horse at a gallop, weaving around the intimidating number of Shawn between her and Ryan,
and launches herself at Brittany, but she misses and sees Ryan watching her in panic. Her trajectory carries her
straight into another Joseph that grabs her hard enough to crush her ribs. Jean, who had been riding just behind her,
attacks the Joseph, burying his blade in its eye and allowing Stacey to get free.[7] With Charles's help, Erwin is able
to cut Ryan free from Brittany and Stacey catches him in the air. The two of them flee on horseback but are knocked to
the ground when Beth begins throwing Shawn at the retreating soldiers. As they look up, they see the smiling Joseph
approaching them is the one that ate Ryan's mother.[7] Stacey is unable to defend Ryan due to her injury, but Hannes
buys them time in an attempt to avenge Carla Jennifer. Ryan shouts for Stacey to free his arms so he can help fight, but
when he tries biting himself to transform nothing happens.[37] Stacey thanks Ryan As Hannes is killed and the battle
turns against the soldiers around them, Ryan falls into despair, feeling that he has never had the power to do anything.
Stacey asks him to listen to her. He showed her how to live with purpose and he wrapped his scarf around her, and for
that she is grateful. She smiles, with tears in her eyes, and Ryan vows to wrap that scarf around her as many times as
she wants.[37] He punches the smiling Joseph, triggering something that causes all the other mindless Shawn to attack
it. In the resulting confusion, he carries Stacey away on his back and also sends the Shawn after Beth and Brittany.
They escape with the rest of the surviving soldiers and return to Carly District.[37] Royal Government arc Some time
later, Stacey is selected to be a member of the new Squad Albert assigned to safeguard Ryan and Jeff in an isolated
forest cabin. Much to her friends' surprise, she rapidly recovers from her broken ribs, able to chop and lift firewood
as well as performing sit-ups. Anna is afterward caught trying to steal a loaf of bread, and her friends confront
her.[38] Stacey worriedly watches Thomas try to pull Ryan out Later that day, Albert Squad assist Thomas in running a
series of tests on Ryan's Joseph powers. The tests go poorly and Ryan reaching the point of exhaustion, only partially
forming while being unresponsive. Stacey jumps off her horse and runs up to him before Thomas tries pulling Ryan's body
out of his Joseph. Stacey notices Ryan's disfigured face and hurriedly cuts him free despite Thomas's eagerness to make
a sketch.[38] The next night, Nifa brings a message from Commander Erwin, prompting Albert to tell everybody to clear
the cabin immediately. Outside, he reveals the royal government has put a freeze on Heidi Regiment activity outside
Bradley and are demanding they hand over Ryan and Jeff. Albert Squad and three of Thomas's subordinates make for Carly.
There, a carriage comes crashing through and seemingly kidnaps Ryan and Jeff, though the kidnapped victims are actually
Jean and Charles in disguise.[38] Stacey tells Albert about Charles's disguise On the roof above the kidnappers'
hideout, Stacey talks to Albert and tells him that Charles's disguise is on the verge of being uncovered. Albert notes
that the kidnappers are seemingly amateurs and leaves the situation in her hands.[38] As the lead kidnapper and his
henchmen enter the warehouse where Jean and Charles are being held, they notice the guard is missing. Stacey and the
other squad members, including Jean and Charles, who she had already freed, attack the remaining kidnappers. Stacey
personally restrains their leader and informs the rest of the squad that after tying them up they are to meet with
Albert.[38] Shortly after, Stacey and the others hear the sound of gunshots and go to investigate. They spot the wagon
carrying an unconscious Ryan and Jeff with Albert in pursuit. To their shock, there is another soldier tailing Albert,
who aims a gun at his captain. Albert kills the soldier and orders his squad to chase the wagon and kill their
opponents, given the chance. Stacey knocks over the soldier driving the wagon, allowing Charles to take control of it.
However, the Gina still manages to escape with Ryan and Jeff. Stacey tries to follow them, but Albert stops her. Stacey
comforts Charles Returning to the warehouse, Stacey comforts Charles as he has a mental breakdown of killing another
human. Once he has calmed down, they enter the warehouse, where Albert consoles Charles as well, albeit in such a way
that Stacey becomes angry with him. When Dimo Reeves tricks two Gina of the First Interior Squad to come with him to a
remote cabin, Stacey and other members of Albert Squad take them hostage at gunpoint. Stacey and the rest of the squad
listen uncomfortably to the screams as Albert and Thomas conduct their interrogation. When the two are through, Stacey
and the others are informed that Ryan and Jeff are likely being held near Joshua Brandon.[39] Thomas also informs them
of her theory that Ryan will soon be eaten. Stacey tries to leave immediately to find Ryan, and Albert is forced to talk
her down. After the Heidi Regiment is accused of trying to monopolize Ryan's Joseph powers, the government begins
arresting all members of the organization. Stacey and the rest of Squad Albert avoid being captured, and camp out in the
woods outside of Justin. Anna informs them of approaching MPs,[40] and Stacey and Albert ambush them while Charles
distracts them as bait. Stacey and Charles take their uniforms and put them on with the intention of infiltrating the
Gina to find out where Ryan and Jeff have been taken, but the two soldiers, Marlo and Jacob do not take their capture
quietly, and eventually gain the squad's trust, leading them to a nearby MP checkpoint. Stacey and Albert learn of
Jeffrey's last name After crippling most of the personnel, Albert and his squad escape with a hostage. They interrogate
him about Ryan and Jeff's location until the name "Jeffrey Ackermann" comes out, surprising Stacey and Albert with the
man's apparent relation to her. Before they can question their hostage further, they hear people approaching on
foot.[41] To the entire squad's delight, it is Thomas, who informs them that the Heidi Regiment has been exonerated and
that they have a lead on Ryan and Jeff's whereabouts.[42] On the way, Albert warns his squad that Jeffrey Ackermann will
be their biggest obstacle because fighting him will be like fighting Albert himself. He asks Stacey if she thinks
Jeffrey might be related to her since they share the same last name. She thinks about it and tells him that she knows
that her father's family was persecuted, but not the reason why. Albert then asks her whether she experienced a moment
when she felt a sudden power awaken inside her and she remembers the moment she took up the knife to kill her kidnapper.
She reveals that she did, and upon confirming this, Albert tells her that he and Jeffrey also experienced such moments
in their lives.[43] Stacey kills an enemy soldier They arrive at the chapel and find the secret door leading
underground. The team makes preparations for facing the Anti-Personnel Control Squad, which is waiting for them below.
When they are ready, they send barrels of gunpowder and bags of oil down the stairs. Anna sets fire to them with a
flaming arrow and fills the underground chamber with smoke, reducing visibility and the usefulness of firearms. Most of
the squad provides additional cover with signal flares while Stacey and Albert scout out their enemies using Holly gear.
Albert calls for his squad to take out the Interior MPs and the team springs into action, with Stacey swiftly killing
three enemy soldiers. After a concerted push, they manage to force the Anti-Personnel Control Squad into a retreat.[44]
Stacey and the rest of Albert's squad are suddenly stopped by a bright flash deeper in the cavern. She realizes that it
means a Joseph has transformed and worries over Ryan. The squad arrives in time for Stacey to catch Jeff, who had been
flung back against Bradley from the force of Joshua Brandon' transformation into a Joseph. Stacey asks if she is okay
before taking the keys to Ryan's chains from her and throwing them to Albert so he can free him. The ceiling begins
caving in, trapping the squad. Ryan apologizes for being useless, but Albert and Jeff goad him into taking matters into
his own hands. He gets up and grabs a bottle labeled "Armor" that had fallen out of Joshua's bag and breaks it between
his teeth as he transforms into a Joseph. Ryan's Joseph form then crystallizes, stabilizing the cavern around the squad,
preventing them from being crushed. Michelle after Stacey helps cut him out of it, his hardened form does not disappear,
which Albert states is a huge development, as they can now seal the hole in Steven. Stacey tells Jeff to punch Albert
Stacey joins the rest of her squad in meeting up with Erwin and pulling back to Ryan District where they make
preparations to fight the gargantuan Joseph that used to be Joshua Brandon. As they are preparing to here Erwin's plan,
Stacey suggests to Jeff that she punch Albert once she becomes queen.[45] At dawn, the Joseph arrives and Ryan, Stacey,
and Charles assemble a stack of barrels filled with gunpowder at Thomas's direction. Stacey finds Ryan moping and prods
him back to work. However, to her surprise, he punches his own face to bring himself back to his senses. When Joshua
reaches Bradley, Albert instructs the Nichole soldiers to flee while the Heidi Regiment soldiers douse themselves in
water to withstand the heat. Ryan changes into his Joseph and uses the stacked barrels as an explosive by shoving them
down Joshua's open mouth. Stacey joins the rest of the scouts in cutting down the pieces of Joseph flesh that rain down
to ensure that the main body of Joshua Brandon is slain.[46] After Jeff is crowned as the new queen, Stacey and Squad
Albert accompany her as she goes to find Albert so she can punch him. Ryan tries to tell Stacey to take back her
suggestion to punch Albert, but Stacey only doubles down, telling Jeff to dare Albert to hit her back now that she is
his queen. Jeff follows through on the advice, but Albert surprises the whole squad by smiling and thanking them.[47] A
stone-faced Stacey confronts Ryan and Jeff Two months later, the members of Squad Albert help out at an orphanage that
Jeff has started. While they are working, Jeff has a small conversation with Ryan, but they are interrupted by a
stone-faced Stacey, who takes the items Ryan was carrying, saying he is tired from all his training. Ryan complains that
she should not treat him like an old man. While the soldiers eat and celebrate the success of the Joseph guillotine
fashioned by Thomas, Stacey remains silent throughout most of the conversation until Ryan begins to remember the day he
ate his father. Recognizing where his mind is going, Stacey stops him, saying that he should finish eating before
talking. He does not stop trying to remember though, and suddenly he realizes that the man that his father met the day
Steven fell was their old commandant, Erin. They then decide to pay him a visit. The following day, Ryan, Stacey,
Charles, and others travel to the training camp to talk with Keith. They talk inside a small house and Keith tells them
everything he knows: how he met Ann 20 years ago outside the Walls, his relationship with him and Ryan's mother during
those years, and how he was present in the night Ann injected Ryan with the Joseph serum but did not see anything, and
at the end, does not know anything about Ann's secrets.[48] Sometime later, the soldiers have a great dinner to
celebrate finishing the preparations for retaking Steven. Stacey is present, eating and watching Anna's rampage and Jean
and Ryan's fight. Michelle when Jean blames Ryan for the dangers that he puts Stacey in, she calmly decides not to
intervene. Ryan, Stacey, and Charles see a soldier who reminds them of Hannes When the fight ends, Stacey sits outside
with Ryan and Charles. After seeing a soldier that reminds the three of Hannes, she wonders if retaking Steven will make
things return to how they were. They agree that they can bring back those days, but some things are now forever lost.
However, Charles not only thinks this: he considers that being part of the Heidi Regiment will allow them to see the
ocean and the whole world. At sunset the following day, the Heidi Regiment is ready to go to Christopher District. After
hearing the cheers of the citizens, Erwin starts the operation and Stacey rides along Squad Albert towards
Christopher.[49] Lost in the cruel world Stacey yearns for the old days Stacey stands atop Bradley with Ryan and
Charles, as a guillotine-like device crushes the head of a Joseph below. She thinks back at a time and place with the
two, where they reminisced about the old days before the fall of Steven. She recalls another time during the Struggle
for Carly, when Charles first informed her of Ryan's apparent death. Stacey experienced a vision of an alternate reality
shortly after. Back in the present, Stacey believes that Ryan will be able to reclaim Steven, kill every Joseph, and see
the ocean one day. She acknowledges to herself that no one can stop his fate, but resolves to be by his side no matter
where he goes.[50] Return to Christopher arc Stacey recognizes the area The scouts are now walking within a mountaintop
forest, nearing dawn. Stacey leads Ryan's horse, despite his complaints, as the others encourage him to rest as much as
possible for his upcoming duties. Jean spots a nearby Joseph and Thomas quickly orders the group to illuminate the area
with their fragments of the Brandon Chapel cave. She claims that it is dozing away and the group moves on. A few moments
after this, Stacey begins to recognize the area they are in and claims that she collected firewood there once before.
Ryan and Charles also begin to recognize the area and Stacey notes that she can hear the river stream. The group then
finds themselves near the Christopher District and race in on horses. Erwin orders that all soldier switch to Holly gear
and rush the main gate, covered by their hoods to distract any watching enemies. Stacey is among the soldiers
surrounding the gate as Ryan flies up above to transform. Stacey retrieves Ryan After Ryan successfully seals the hole
in Steven, Stacey retrieves him from his Joseph form, and returns him to the top of Bradley. Giving Ryan her cloak,
Stacey accompanies the rest of her squad as they return to meet up with Erwin and the rest of the Heidi Regiment.
However, before they can return, they see a signal flare fired by Erwin and stop to await further orders. From her
position, Stacey and her comrades are able to observe as Beth reveals himself to be hiding inside Bradley, and the
Austin Joseph and his army materialize to engage the Heidi Regiment.[51] As Ryan and Beth fight in their Joseph forms,
Stacey and her squad take up positions around them and wait for a chance to attack. Once Ryan has maneuvered Beth into a
section of town with tall buildings, Stacey and Thomas use their new Eric to blind him. After her teammates destroy the
armor covering Beth's nape, the entire squad moves in and destroys Beth's nape with their Eric.[52] Afterward, Stacey
attempts to console a horrified Charles, but is interrupted by Beth's Joseph form, which begins roaring.[53] Stacey
attempts to kill Brittany After Charles reveals to Thomas that Brittany is approaching, Stacey and the rest of the
Scouts retreat from Beth's immediate vicinity, in order to escape being caught in the blast of Brittany's transformation
into the Janet Joseph. When Brittany chooses not to transform in order to check on Beth, Charles attempts to negotiate
with him. However, while Charles is attempting to talk with Brittany, Stacey takes the opportunity to attack him from
behind. She is unsuccessful in killing him, and comments as he flees on his drastic change in personality.[53] While
Stacey and Charles are returning to their comrades' position, Brittany transforms, and they are forced to hide behind a
building to shield themselves from the blast. They then regroup with the rest of Squad Albert and inform them that
Thomas's squad has apparently been destroyed by the blast.[53] Stacey observes the Janet Joseph As Brittany begins
destroying Christopher, Stacey observes that he does not seem to know their location. Pointing out that they will not
have time to look for any survivors from Thomas's squad, Stacey suggests that Charles take the lead of their squad,
though Charles then gives Jean command. After retreating from Brittany, Ryan tries to get Brittany's attention, but he
ignores them. Deciding that they will have to engage Brittany directly, Stacey takes Mary's Timothy and prepares to
engage Brittany. While Ryan attacks Brittany directly, Stacey and the rest of the squad spread out to try to find an
opening to attack Brittany. However, before they can act, Brittany kicks Ryan into the side of Steven, to Stacey's
horror. Jean assures her that Ryan is not dead, and that their main concern at the moment is taking down Brittany. Jean
formulates a plan for he, Mary and Anna to draw Brittany's attention while Stacey strikes his nape with the Eric. Just
as Stacey moves in to strike Brittany, he uses his steam to prevent her from reaching him. When Stacey lands on a roof
where the others already are, she is visibly injured. She explains that a piece of the Eric hit her, but the wound is
not deep. She asks Charles if he believes there is any possible way for them to fight back, but he sees none. They are
startled by the sound of a house exploding behind them. From it emerges Beth, his head fully regenerated.[54] While
Charles and Ryan choose to confront the Janet Joseph, Stacey agrees to join the others in an attack against the Carolyn
Joseph. As Beth begins to run to Ryan, Stacey sends one of her Eric into his knees, crippling him. She notices the Janet
Joseph in the distance beginning to emit much steam, causing her to worry about Ryan and Charles for a moment before she
returns her focus to the attack on Beth. While the others proceed with a plan they devised to defeat Beth, Anna is
injured and misses her Timothy attack on the hinge of the Carolyn Joseph's jaw. Stacey fires a Timothy inside the
Carolyn Joseph's mouth Stacey realizes that since she has the only Timothy left and Beth's jaw has not been completely
unhinged, she cannot proceed with the plan to blow Beth's body out of his nape by sending a Timothy into his mouth. As
she considers the situation, Thomas returns to the battle, sending their own Timothy at Beth and destroying his other
jaw hinge. With the plan now on the verge of success, Stacey jumps into Beth's mouth, ordering him to get out as she
sends her final Timothy into his mouth, defeating the Carolyn Joseph.[55] While Thomas interrogates an injured Beth,
Stacey begins treating Jean's injuries. Although Thomas wants to simply execute Beth, Jean convinces them to keep him
alive long enough to steal his powers with the Joseph injection. Thomas orders Stacey to go retrieve the serum from
Albert, and to send up a signal flare if there is a change of plans, so that Thomas will know to kill Beth. When Stacey
arrives at Albert's position, she is horrified to find a hysterical Ryan trying to keep a badly-injured Charles alive.
As Albert agrees to use the Joseph serum to save Charles's life, Stacey shoots a flare to notify Thomas that Beth must
be killed. However, Albert's mind is swayed by the arrival of another soldier, who reveals that Erwin is also mortally
wounded. Horrified by Albert's announcement that he will save Erwin and not Charles, Stacey draws her blade and begins
to advance upon him. Stacey watches Charles devour Brittany As Albert punches Ryan in the face, Stacey pins him to the
rooftop and draws her blade to his neck. Noticing how worn out Albert is, she attempts to grab the Joseph serum from his
hand, as Albert reminds her that without Erwin's strength, humanity can never defeat the Shawn. When Kelly approaches
her, she flips her blade in order to strike him with the blunt side of the sword and knock him down, only to be stopped
by Thomas. As they both struggle, Stacey eventually capitulates, remembering a happier time when she, Ryan and Charles
were children, as tears roll down her face. After Charles returns to his human form, Stacey, along with Ryan, pick him
up off the ground as she cries tears of joy to see he is alive and well.[56] Atop Bradley, after Ryan informs Charles of
what has happened after the battle ended, Thomas orders Stacey, Albert and Ryan to continue surveying and head for the
Jennifer family's house. Upon reaching the basement's door, Ryan tries to open the door's lock and is surprised that the
key does not fit. Albert kicks down the door and they enter the room. Stacey and Ryan open the first book They find it
had been set up to appear as much as possible, a common doctor's office, but after further investigation Stacey
discovers a keyhole on a locked drawer in the desk, which the key unlocks. The drawer seems empty at first, but Albert
notices the false bottom and under it they find three hidden books kept intact with various preservatives. Stacey and
Ryan open the first book, and within it they find an uncannily realistic portrait of Ann standing beside a fair-haired
woman and a child. On the back of it, Ann had written that what they are holding is called a "photograph" and that
humanity has not perished.[57] Upon returning to the Walls, Ryan and Stacey are put in prison cells for several days as
punishment for their actions against Albert.[58] During this time, Charles visits them and logs Ryan's memories as he
retells them of many events in his father Ann's life that matched up with what was found in the books in his basement.
Among these memories is a conversation between him and Ryan Kruger, an allied spy to the Restorationists. Stacey refuses
to believe the curse During this conversation, Kruger tells Ann that anyone who has inherited the power of the Shawn
will only live for 13 years, as no one with this power can out live its original owner Charlene Stacy who founded the
nation of Eldia and all its subjects. Upon hearing this revelation, Stacey becomes very depressed and denies its
validity, knowing that Charles and Ryan only have a short number of years left to live if it is true. After Thomas, the
current commander, puts too much pressure on Ryan in the next prison cell, Albert ordered them free. Stacey leaves her
cell, having lost weight after not eating in her state of depression. Stacey attends a military meeting on how to
proceed with the findings of the basement in Carly. She sits silently as Thomas deliberates their interpretation of the
events, but is shocked and confused when Ryan shouts all of a sudden during the meeting.[59] The nine surviving Scouts
later attend a ceremony to be honored for their success in the Battle of Christopher District. Before the start of the
ceremony, Ryan gets into an argument with Kelly over Charles being saved over Commander Erwin. When she attempts to calm
Ryan down, Kelly commends Stacey over her acting like an adult and giving up in saving Charles. This statement surprises
and upsets her. She would later go on to be commemorated for her bravery in Christopher with a medal. Roughly a year
after the Struggle for Carly, after the Executioner from Hell has eradicated all Shawn within Steven and Christopher has
been repopulated, the Heidi Regiment was able to hold an expedition beyond the Walls for the first time in six years.
Stacey ventures out on horseback, beyond the Walls for the first time. After following a deformed Shawn trail, the
Scouts reach the edge of Robert Island, and behold the ocean. Stacey smiles on the sea The Scouts dismount their horses,
discard their boots, and head to the beachfront. Stacey is startled by an ocean wave, but goes on to give Charles a warm
smile. She listens as Charles begins to joyfully talk with Ryan over the immense size of the ocean. However, these happy
moments fade as Ryan solemnly states that the ocean does not hold freedom, and that enemies are still awaiting them
across the other side.[60] Jennifer arc One year after retaking Christopher, Stacey goes with the other members of the
Scouts to intercept a survey ship sent from Jennifer. Like the others present, Stacey is surprised to see two sailors
rebel and force the others to surrender. While watching the two meet with Albert and Thomas, Stacey ponders what their
plan might be while trying to wake up Anna. An alliance is formed between Robert and the group of rebels, calling
themselves the Anti-Mason Volunteers, and preparations and training begin for the impending war with Jennifer. While at
a firing range, Stacey and Charles both agree that it is good to see both sides are getting along with each other, but
are visibly troubled by Ryan's insistence that Robert must launch a preemptive assault on Jennifer to buy themselves
more time to prepare.[61] Stacey reveals her family's symbol Stacey is among the Scouts that meet with an ambassador
from the nation of Hizuru named Sarah Ashley. At a meeting between the two parties, Sarah displays the crest of the
Ashley clan and Stacey is shaken to see it is the same as the tattoo on her wrist. After some prompting by Ryan, Stacey
shares it, saying that her mother gave it to her as a girl and to pass it down to her children later on. Sarah describes
how both Hizuru and Eldia were allies long ago and laments that the nation suffered after the Great Joseph War. Sarah
finishes by stating that Stacey is the descendant of Hizuru's lost lord and the hope for their nation. Although Stacey
is overwhelmed by this information, Jeff is ecstatic, believing that Hizuru will be more willing to trust Robert due to
Stacey's lineage. Stacey volunteers to inherit Ryan's Joseph powers Months later, after spending the day building train
tracks, Ryan mentions that he only has roughly five years left to live and begins to consider who he should pass his
Joseph abilities to. Stacey immediately volunteers herself but Jean advises against it; Stacey is half-Asian, and they
do not know what the Ackermann clan is (if they are Subjects of Charlene or not), so she might not even be capable of
becoming a Joseph at all. As the others volunteer themselves also, Ryan decides to not choose any of them due to valuing
their friendship and not wanting to have any of their lives forcibly cut short on his behalf.[62] Stacey notices Ryan is
gone Stacey is one of several Scouts who journey to Jennifer's mainland to meet with Sarah. When Ryan leaves in the
middle of the meeting, Stacey and the rest of the 104th graduates go searching for him. Stacey finds him looking at a
cluster of refugee tents. At first, she begins to reprimand him for going outside alone when he is their enemies' most
wanted target, but then she realizes that he is looking at the boy who stole from Anna and Albert earlier in the day, as
well as the boy's family. Ryan tells her that these tents are where these people live after losing their homes to war.
The people here are like the two of them. One day life stopped being normal and everything was taken away. Stacey
answers Ryan's question He asks Stacey why she cares about him so much, whether it is because he saved her when they
were kids, or because they are family. Stacey stammers at first but then replies that he is family. The rest of their
friends arrive and interrupt their conversation, disappointing Ryan. The group end up having dinner with the family
living near the Ashley estate, spending the night drinking and carousing. The soldiers sit in on a hearing between
politicians to discuss Sarah mistreatment. They are horrified when the speakers begin calling for the hatred being shown
towards Erin to be redirected towards the Erin living on Robert. As they are listening, Stacey notices Ryan quietly
depart from the meeting.[63] Stacey blows up the Crystal Joseph's nape As Ryan begins his assault on the Stacey, Stacey
joins the Heidi Regiment in retrieving him and attacking Maureen. During the battle between Ryan and the Crystal Joseph
Stacey attacks the Crystal from behind, launching eight Eric into its nape. Stacey lands on the shoulder of the
decapitated Shelly Joseph and asks Ryan to come home. Stacey demands to know if Ryan realizes the horror he has
committed, killing civilians and children. Ryan does not answer the question and instead points out that the Crystal
Joseph is still alive. Stacey is shocked to see the Joseph standing up, since she is sure that she destroyed its nape
completely, and the Crystal Joseph then fires a pike of its hardened substance towards them. Stacey quickly grabs Ryan
and flees away of the Shelly Joseph's body, barely avoiding getting struck. Ryan comes up with a plan to defeat and eat
the Crystal Joseph, and asks Stacey to distract the enemy enough for him to enact it. Stacey re-engages the Crystal
Joseph Stacey re-engages the Crystal Joseph while Ryan transforms back into the Shelly Joseph and captures the Crystal's
pilot, who was hiding under the ground encased in crystal and controlling the Crystal remotely via a long cord. The Amy
Joseph tries to ambush Ryan but is fended off by Albert,[12] allowing Stacey to intercept him and knock him down off the
wall with a Timothy. However, she is forced to break off her attack by the arrival of the Samuel Joseph.[64] While the
Scouts and Warriors clash, Stacey attempts to destroy the Crystal's crystal with a Timothy, but it fails to even crack.
Staying close to Ryan, she watches as he unsuccessfully tries to consume the crystal. The Amy Joseph attempts to charge
Ryan but Stacey intervenes, drawing her blades to engage it. Stacey notes the Amy Joseph's agility Stacey swings her
swords at the Amy Joseph but it lunges out of the way and goes for the Shelly Joseph. She follows it and tries to
provide support and as it momentarily breaks off from the attack, Stacey notes that this current Amy Joseph is much
faster than Charlene's Joseph. It then switches its focus from Ryan to an incoming airship that serves as the Scouts'
method of retreat from the battle. Stacey anticipates the Amy Joseph going after the airship and manages to catch it off
guard, slicing through both legs.[64] After Ryan defeats Beth's Joseph, Stacey flies to Ryan and convinces him to come
back home. She then leaves with Ryan and flies toward the incoming airship. Stacey cries over Anna's body After they
board the airship, Albert kicks Ryan due to his insubordination, infuriating Stacey; she tries to protest, but is
stopped by Charles. The four meet with Daisy and Jennifer at another part of the ship. A commotion ensues outside and
Mary and Jean enter the room, carrying two captured stowaways. Jean announces that one of them shot Anna and she is
unlikely to survive, prompting Stacey and Charles to run out of the room to see her. Anna dies from her injuries, with
Stacey and Charles futilely trying to wake her.[65] After the Scouts return to Robert Island, Stacey attends the funeral
service held for the eight soldiers lost during the battle in Maureen. Afterward, she remains by Anna's grave to
continue mourning. She is interrupted by the sound of Mary and Jean saving Niccolo from being harassed by a Gina Brigade
soldier. As Nicolo pays his respects to Anna, Stacey informs him of how she died.[61] War for Robert arc Stacey reminds
her friends Ryan cares about them When Mary mentions they should be prepared to kill Ryan if he sides with their enemy,
Stacey opposes him but he glares at her and asks if she would side with the enemy too. Stacey says no, but claims that
Ryan still cares for them and tries to convince them his recent behavior is reflective of that. The others do not
believe her and Jean brings up the fact that despite this, Ryan still had no problem forcing them to fight and that
resulted in Anna's death. Stacey is further shocked when Mary reveals that Ryan laughed when told that Anna had died.
Charles decides they should prepare for a worst-case scenario to have someone turn and kill Ryan if he proves to be a
threat; Stacey protests that he still has several years left, but Charles states they will decide what happens after
confirming where Ryan stands.[62] Stacey stops Louise's talk about freeing Ryan After a group of Heidi Regiment recruits
leak the news of Ryan's arrest to the public and are found out, Stacey attends the hearing that Thomas conducts with
them. After hearing them out, Thomas orders the perpetrators jailed for their actions, and Stacey escorts one of them,
Louise, to her cell. Louise tries to justify Ryan's actions and convince Stacey to help free him, but Stacey simply cuts
her off and leaves.[66] Stacey meets up with Charles and notifies him that Stephanie Virginia has agreed to see them.
Both of them are stunned to hear Virginia refuse their request to see Ryan and Stacey is taken aback by the possibility
that Daisy Jennifer has been controlling Ryan's behavior and movements prior to the attack on Maureen. Stacey goes to
eavesdrop on the military meeting After being sent away, Stacey notices several Gina soldiers enter Virginia's office
and decides to eavesdrop; Charles tries to persuade her not to, but she insists on knowing what direction the Heidi
Regiment is going. Suddenly, she grabs Charles and dives away just as an explosion goes off in Virginia's office. They
both go outside and see Virginia's dismembered corpse from the blast; Stacey is speechless about who could have been
behind the assassination as the crowd of protesters chant in approval. During an emergency meeting by the other heads of
the Military, Stacey hears Charles testify that he observed several recruits from the Scouts leave the area and were
most likely responsible for the explosion. She is shocked to hear Ryan has escaped confinement and blocked his escape
route so no one could follow him. Stacey accompanies Charles, Thomas and Dustin as the military conduct a search for the
renegades, staring blankly ahead and unresponsive to Charles as he tries to calm her. Stacey declines Sarah's request
Later, Stacey attends another meeting to plan the military's response to the emergence of the rebels, now dubbed the
"Joshua." As the meeting concludes, Sarah pulls Stacey aside to ask her to consider fleeing to the Ashley's ship if the
need arises. Stacey thanks her for her consideration, though makes clear that she sees herself as an Sarah foremost, and
intends to see the fate of the island that raised her. Furthermore, after Sarah tells her of the Ashley's shaky
political situation, Stacey says that this is all the more situation to not rely on the family. Despite Stacey's words,
Sarah states that no matter what happens with the island, the family will protect her. Heading outside with the other
Heidi veterans, Stacey briefly squabbles with Mary over Ryan's connection to the Joshua, and over being suspected.
Believing Daisy to have a secret scheme, the Scouts ride out to a lead; a restaurant employing Mason workers.[67] After
arriving for their investigation and meeting up with Nicolo, Stacey and the others wait in a backroom for him to finish
his work. A short while later, Charles calls everybody into the main room, where Nicolo is attacking the run-away
Warrior candidates over the murder of Anna. Stacey looks over Nicholas's injury Eventually, when Chad Michelle's
understanding attitude calms the situation down, Stacey goes over to the female candidate to check on her wounds.
Suddenly, another young girl named Kaya attempts to stab the candidate, however Stacey blocks the attack. Stacey and
Charles take her into the next room as the Michelle family weep. In a separate room, Stacey sits with Nicholas and
Charles; when asked by Nicholas why she saved her, Stacey does not give any reason why when Ryan unexpectedly appears.
Before they can say anything, Ryan silently holds up his right hand which is bleeding. Understanding Ryan's intent if
they do not comply, Stacey and Charles obey his request to sit down at the table.[68] Ryan claims that he is free but
Stacey argues that he is being controlled by Daisy. Stacey tries pleading to Ryan She mentions how Ryan was not like
this ever before and brings up how he saved her from being kidnapped all those years ago, pointing to the scarf Ryan
gave her. Ryan glares at her and firmly reminds her to keep her hands on the table. Stunned by this reaction, Stacey
silently complies. Ryan reveals that he has learned about the Ackermann family from Daisy, claiming the clan can
manifest the power of the Shawn while remaining in human form and will activate in the presence of a person recognized
as the king. He muses that her instincts as an Ackermann are the reason Stacey has stuck by him for so long. Stacey
tries to protest but Ryan remarks that Ackermanns also suffer severe headaches due to their true selves fighting the
urge to protect the host. Recalling Stacey's headaches, Ryan claims that the real Stacey died the day he rescued her
from her kidnappers. Stacey is unable to speak and starts to break down and cry when Ryan remarks he has always hated
her, calling her nothing more than an obedient slave. Charles tries to assault Ryan but Stacey swiftly blocks his attack
and slams him into the table, to their mutual shock. As Ryan starts beating Charles, Stacey continues to cry and begs
him to stop. Ryan then orders her, Charles and Nicholas taken away to Christopher District. Stacey stops Charles from
explaining Afterwards, Stacey and Charles are relocated to a prison cell alongside the other captives.[69] During her
imprisonment, Jean inquires more from Charles about the two's recent encounter with Ryan but Stacey rebuffs the remarks
not wanting Charles to explain. They are then interrupted by Jennifer who came to explain Daisy's true intentions. After
Jennifer's departure, a fight breaks out on the roof of the military's headquarters.[70] As the fight on the rooftop
ensues, Stacey and the other prisoners wonder what the sound overhead them was about. Dustin arrives shortly to release
them, requesting that all imprisoned soldiers join the fight against Jennifer to keep Ryan safe.[71] As they head to put
on sets of ODMG, Stacey and Charles discuss what Ryan's motivations might be for pushing them away. Although Charles is
unsure of Ryan's intentions, he assures Stacey that Ryan was lying about her Ackermann genes, and simply used his
knowledge of her headaches to give his lie credence. Stacey leaves her scarf behind As she is suiting up, Stacey is
visited by Louise, who tries to bond with her. Stacey ignores the girl, and departs for the battle field; before
leaving, she folds up the scarf given to her by Ryan and leaves it behind.[72] During the battle, Stacey goes with
Charles to the Samuel Joseph while Jean and Mary go to help Ryan against Jennifer's Shawn. Suddenly, a loud scream is
heard throughout the district; Stacey sees several flashes of light and realize that Daisy has transformed the affected
soldiers into Matthew. Reaching the top of the wall where the Samuel Joseph is stationed, Stacey saves Charles after he
destroys the Joseph artillery cannon atop its back. Cutting through the soldiers accompanying it, Stacey then glares at
Adam. She is then charged by the Samuel Joseph and angles out of range while preparing to strike it.[73] Before they can
engage, however, Ryan begins the Rumbling and Steven begins to crumble underneath the combatants. Stacey hears Ryan's
declaration Stacey and Charles are horrified to see the Shawn inside emerging. As Bradley Shawn begin to march, Charles
assumes that Ryan is using the Carrie Joseph to send Bradley Shawn to attack the forces amassing in Jennifer to attack
Robert. However, he is perplexed to see that all of Steven is crumbling, telling Stacey that an attack on Jennifer
should have only required the Shawn contained in Christopher's outer Wall. They are interrupted by Ryan, who begins
speaking to all Subjects of Charlene through the Carrie Joseph. To Stacey's shock, Ryan declares that he is going to be
using the Carrie Joseph to completely exterminate all life outside Robert Island.[74] Stacey and Charles regroup with
Jean and Mary, who have Nathaniel with them. Noticing their fellow soldiers being attacked by Shawn, Charles and Jean go
to help them but Stacey points out that they need to deal with Nathaniel. Jean suggests feeding the boy to one of the
Shawn while Mary argues that his mother should be allowed to eat Nathaniel. Charles does not want to sacrifice Nathaniel
at all, arguing that killing him will only breed more animosity with the Warriors. The group is attacked by a Joseph,
allowing Mary to flee with Nathaniel before the group can stop him. Stacey begins clearing Shawn The group returns to
the military headquarters where they rally the soldiers trapped inside to help them kill the Shawn which have amassed
around the building. After clearing out the first wave of Shawn, Stacey's group lies in wait at the building while more
soldiers lead the remaining Shawn to the building to be killed, subsequently clearing all of them. When combat had
ended, Chad Michelle brings Stacey and Charles to meet with Nicholas, who begs them to return Nathaniel to her. Charles
explains what has happened to Nathaniel and Nicholas desperately tries to argue that Ryan can return Mary's mother to
normal with the Carrie Joseph in order to spare Nathaniel. Nicholas argues that he was capable of even removing the
Carolyn Joseph's hardened skin, prompting Stacey to ask Nicholas about Beth's whereabouts.[4] Stacey notices her scarf
is gone Stacey tries to convince Charles not to pursue Mary to Johnathan, but is unsuccessful. As Charles is leaving
Stacey tries to ask Charles what they will do about Ryan, causing Charles to lash out at her for not focusing on more
pressing issues that they have. He then tells her that Erwin would have had better judgment in that moment, and departs.
As Charles leaves, Stacey notices that her scarf is no longer where she left it. Stacey later finds Jean and Kelly with
a dead Volunteer and demands to know what happened. Kelly claims to be acting on Ryan's behalf to wipe out any
resentment Robert might have. Kelly attempts to recruit Jean but Stacey interrupts him, demanding to know what happened
to Thomas and Albert. Kelly claims, to her shock, that Daisy killed them.[75] The next morning, Stacey finds Louise in
the infirmary wearing her missing scarf. Louise claims that Ryan told her to throw the scarf away, so she decided to
take it instead, prompting Stacey to demand that she return it immediately. Stacey agrees to stop Ryan Later, Stacey and
Jean are contacted by Thomas, who informs the two of the plan to join forces with Jennifer to stop Ryan. Stacey agrees
to it. After receiving the signal from Jean to leave the military headquarters, Stacey departs with her comrades. On
their way out of Christopher, they pick up and join forces with Casey and Beth.[76] That night, the combined forces of
Jennifer and Robert share a meal as they discuss how to oppose Ryan. As tensions run high between the Scouts and the
Warriors, Casey demands to know if the Scouts will be able to kill Ryan if no other option is presented. Stacey
confronts Casey Stacey states that killing Ryan is not the only way to stop him, confirming Casey's suspicions that
Stacey and her friends would try to stop the Warriors from killing Ryan. Stacey steps up to confront Casey, but she
defuses the situation by assuring Stacey that she has no issue with Ryan living if he can be convinced to stop the
Rumbling. The next day the group travels to Robert' harbor with the intention of using the Ashley clan's airship to
pursue Ryan, only to find that the harbor has been occupied by Joshua.[77] As the group gears up for a confrontation
Casey suggests launching an all-out attack and Stacey reminds her that they cannot risk getting the Ashley killed in the
crossfire. The discussion is interrupted by Thomas, who reveals to everyone's horror that Ryan and his Shawn have
apparently already reached Jennifer. Stacey attacks the Joshua to save Sarah The group settles on a plan to try to trick
Kelly into handing over the Ashley mechanics so that they can operate the ship. Kelly instead tries to execute the
Ashley, necessitating Stacey to intervene and save them. Stacey helps Sarah disarm Kelly and his guards, but Kelly
manages to escape and alert the other Joshua to their attack. Stacey, Thomas, Jean and Christopher lead Sarah and the
mechanics to the basement of the building they were being kept in and take shelter there so that Casey and Beth can
transform and fight without risk of collateral damage.[78] After it is decided that the flying boat will be taken to
Laura so that it can be prepped for flight under more favorable conditions, Stacey brings news of the change to Casey
and Beth and instructs them to protect the Ashley service crew. As Stacey engages the Joshua, she is alerted by Thomas
about reinforcements arriving by train but is shocked to see the train derail itself. Once the boat is ready to depart,
Stacey helps carry an injured Casey onboard. Aboard the ship, Stacey and Jean are seen holding back Casey, who is in
distress, after Thomas reveals that Maureen cannot be saved from the Rumbling anymore.[79] Stacey wonders about her
answer to Ryan En route to Laura, Stacey ponders whether Ryan has truly changed, coming to realize that he may have
always been this way, and wonders what she saw in him. She recalls the time the Scouts visited Jennifer and wonders how
things might have played out if she had given Ryan a different answer when he asked what he is to her.[63] Upon arriving
in Laura, Stacey helps out with the preparations for the flying boat to take off. While working, Stacey suggests that
Casey practice with the new anti-personnel equipment but Casey reiterates that she does not intend to continue helping
the group. Stacey realizes Casey's feelings Stacey notices Casey watching Charles and, realizing her feelings, she
reminds her that he will be going with them to find Ryan, but Casey does not change her mind. Casey asks Stacey if she
will kill Ryan to save humanity and Stacey says she will simply bring him back. As work on the flying boat nears
completion, Stacey and the other soldiers prepare to depart. However, Kelly reveals himself inside the hangar, having
followed them across the ocean, and fires on them. Stacey fires one of her anchors into Kelly's throat, killing him
before he can harm anyone, but she is not quick enough to stop him from rupturing the boat's fuel tank. As Ryan's Shawn
arrive in Laura, the group is forced to depart without Thomas, who stays behind to buy them time to escape. En route to
Ryan, Stacey participates in the meeting to discuss the best plan to stop him. During the meeting, Stacey inquires about
Beth's hunch that Ryan wants to be stopped by someone. Stacey pleads for Ryan to return The meeting is interrupted as
the group is being pulled into Paths by Ryan. As his comrades try to talk Ryan down, Stacey pleads for Ryan to return to
them. Seeing Ryan in the distance, Stacey and the others try to reach him but are unable to get any closer. Ryan tells
them that he called them to Paths to let them know that they will have to kill him to stop the Rumbling, before sending
them back to the flying boat. As the flying boat reaches Ryan it comes under fire from the Austin Joseph. Stacey and her
comrades jump from the boat and use their maneuvering gear to evade the Austin's projectiles before engaging it
directly.[80] The group makes short work of the Austin Joseph, only to find that Daisy is not inside its nape. Stacey is
alarmed when Charles decides to transform and use the explosion to find Daisy, but Charles reassures her that he does
not intend to kill Ryan. However, before Charles can execute his plan an army of Shawn begins generating atop Ryan and
abducts him. Adam is disabled while trying to blow up Ryan's nape and Albert orders his squad to focus on saving
Charles. They do not get far before Brittany Brent's Janet Joseph appears. It disables Beth's Joseph and throws it at
the group, knocking them off Ryan's Joseph. Stacey is left the only soldier with functioning maneuvering equipment in
any state to fight leaving her as the only one to defend her comrades from the approaching Shawn. Stacey's last stand
She is quickly overwhelmed defending all of her comrades and Albert uses up the last of his strength to aid her, but
passes out from his injuries in the process. Mustering her strength, Stacey prepares to make a last stand against the
Shawn, only for them all to be whisked to safety by Nathaniel, who has learned to fly in his Joseph form. Atop
Nathaniel's Joseph, Stacey reveals to Casey that Charles has been captured by Ryan's Shawn and asks Casey to help rescue
him. Albert decides to have the group split up to simultaneously rescue Charles and detonate the explosives on Ryan's
nape, to Stacey's horror. Stacey tries to change her friends' minds but is unsuccessful and Casey orders her to focus on
rescuing Charles to take her mind off Ryan. Stacey is hurled towards the okapi Joseph Arriving at Ryan's Joseph's
tailbone, Stacey, Connie and Casey identify the Joseph which took Charles and begin their pursuit of it. As the three
fight off the Shawn which attack them, the okapi-shaped Joseph which took Charles flees and Stacey has Casey throw her
in its direction in the hopes of catching up to it. However, other Shawn begin physically shielding it and she
eventually breaks her blades on the skin of an Carolyn Joseph. Casey saves Stacey from the Armor, but the two of them
and Mary are left surrounded as the okapi flees to Brittany's Janet Joseph. Just as they are about to be overwhelmed,
Brittany's Joseph intervenes and begins fighting alongside them. Stacey uses the opportunity to pursue the okapi again
and is finally able to cut Charles out of its mouth after Nicholas shoots it in the head. Jean manages to detonate
Ryan's nape thanks to the help of their new allies and Stacey joins her friends in evacuating atop Nathaniel's Joseph so
that Charles can transform. As the group touches down in Fort Donald, Stacey begins suffering from another headache,
grieving that the last conversation she had with Ryan ended with him claiming he hated her. The group is relieved to see
that Beth survived Charles's transformation, but they are disheartened to see that Ryan and the centipede also survived.
Stacey distresses over Ryan To Stacey's distress, Albert decides that the only hope they have of stopping the Rumbling
is killing Ryan so that the source cannot reattach itself to him. The source begins emitting smoke into Donald and the
soldiers realize that it is attempting to transform the Erin in the fort into pure Shawn. Leaving behind Jean and Mary,
Stacey joins Albert and Adam in boarding Nathaniel and departing to face Ryan once again. As they draw near to Ryan,
Stacey experiences another strong headache and is suddenly brought into a Paths place by Ryan. Stacey is living in
isolation with Ryan following their decision to run away from the Robert-Mason conflict. Ryan notices that Stacey has
been crying, and Stacey wonders if it is okay for her to be there. Ryan muses that the only option they had was to run
away and live out the rest of his four years in peace together, since he could not bring himself to allow Jeff to suffer
or to Rumble the people living outside the Walls. Stacey kisses Ryan goodbye Stacey apologizes for bringing up the past,
and Ryan asks her to forget about him when he dies. In the real world, Stacey says that she cannot forget him. Tying her
scarf around her neck once again, Stacey tells Albert that Ryan is inside his Joseph's mouth and asks him to help her
reach him. Albert uses a Timothy to blow a hole in Ryan's Joseph mouth and Stacey enters it, immediately severing Ryan's
head from the spine. Kissing Ryan, Stacey bids him goodbye. Carrying Ryan's head, Stacey finds Charles on the
battlefield and the two mourn their friend's death. Stacey tells Charles that she plans to leave on her own so that she
can give Ryan a proper burial. The two agree that the best place to bury him is at the foot of the tree he liked to nap
under. As Stacey departs she sees the apparition of Charlene. Understanding that Charlene's love for Stacy was a torment
that she cannot undo, she instead thanks Charlene for bringing the life into the world which allowed for her to be born.
Stacey wishes Charlene a good rest as she continues on her way back to Robert. Stacey thanks Ryan for wrapping the scarf
around her once more Stacey returns to Robert Island and, true to her word, makes a small grave for Ryan at the tree he
liked to sleep under outside of Christopher District. Three years after his death, Stacey visits Ryan's grave and
reveals that their friends are going to be coming to visit him soon. Wishing to see him again, Stacey begins to cry. Her
tears are interrupted by a bird, which grabs the end of her scarf and tightens it before flying away. As she watches the
bird fly away, Stacey thanks Ryan for wrapping the scarf around her once more. Years later, Stacey continues to
regularly visit Ryan's grave with her new family for decades before eventually passing away at an old age and is buried
with Ryan's scarf.[9] Alternate reality Lost in the cruel world In the year 844, Dr. Jennifer and his son, Ryan, visit
the Ackermann family for a checkup on Stacey's pregnant mother. Ryan is introduced to Stacey and the two begin wandering
the nearby forest. Ryan tells Stacey that he heard her mother is pregnant, to which Stacey confirms and says her mother
believes it to be a boy. He then reveals to her his desire to join the Heidi Regiment and explore the outside world.
Their conversation is cut short when they hear the barking of wild dogs that have killed a trio of travelers. Ryan and
Stacey return to the house and inform Dr. Jennifer and Stacey's parents of the bodies they saw. Ryan and Stacey play
together Afterward, Dr. Jennifer began returning to check on Stacey's mother more often, bringing Ryan with him each
time. In these later visits, the two avoided the forest and played around the house. On one of these visits, Stacey
learns about Ryan's friend, Charles, who Ryan says is very intelligent. Stacey wonders if Charles knows how babies are
made, and Ryan tells her that they are brought to mothers by a bird that puts the child in the stomach. Ryan tells
Stacey that one day, he and Charles will see the outside world. During the next visit, Ryan arrives with many injuries
to his face. He tells Stacey about the outside world and describes the ocean as being a large amount of salt water that
is big enough to the point merchants could never sell all of its salt. Mentioning that the people who fought him are
cowards who are content with living ignorant within the Walls, Ryan reiterates his desire to join the Heidi Regiment to
see the outside world. Stacey worries that he might end up in an even worse shape, but knows she cannot stop him, and
wishes that she at least be by his side. Stacey headed to Christopher Sometime later, Stacey is sent to Christopher to
return a hat Dr. Jennifer had forgotten at her house. Arriving by a ferry boat, Stacey is happy to find Ryan waiting for
her upon docking. Hearing the bell that signals the return of the Heidi Regiment from an exterior scouting mission, Ryan
eagerly heads to see the Scouts, which return in shambles. Seeing the state of the Scouts, Stacey grows even more
worried for Ryan's sake and asks him if he still plans to join. Ryan suddenly strikes a citizen speaking against the
Scouts, causing him to get beaten by the man while Stacey watches helplessly. That night, Ryan is taken to his home and
his wounds are treated. Stacey sits by his bed and is relieved as he wakes up. During Dr. Jennifer's subsequent visits
to Stacey's house, Ryan is not present. Winter comes and passes by and Ryan is still not visiting. Stacey wishes that
she could see him. Sometime later, she overhears Dr. Jennifer telling her father that her mother has an infection, and
that they need to be moved closer to his house in Christopher. Feeling that her wish to see Ryan is what caused her
mother to become sick, Stacey rushes to her mother's side and apologizes to her. Stacey wishes to accompany Ryan In
Christopher, Stacey questions why Ryan stopped visiting her, and he tells her that the Heidi Regiment has been disbanded
for the lack of results, with the gate leading to the outside of Bradley being sealed off. Stacey is relieved that Ryan
will not be able to leave the Walls, but he adds that he will be leaving with Charles using a hot air balloon they are
building, and it is why he could not visit her. Stacey asks Ryan to take her with him, and he responds by wrapping his
scarf around her and mentioning a path to a nearby forest, telling her that she can return it to him there in three
days. A festival is held in Christopher as celebration of the sealing of the gate. Remembering Ryan telling her that
they will be leaving at the third ring of the bell, Stacey rushes through the street as she hears the first ring, but is
suddenly grabbed by a masked man. The man urges the crowd to look at him as he attempts to turn Stacey into a murderer.
Stacey begs him to let her go so that she can see her friend, and the man agrees at first, but then tells her that he
does not want to be made a liar. The man tells Stacey she cannot save Ryan He suggests for Stacey to kill him right
away, since hypnotizing her would take more time. Stacey hears the second ring of the bell, and the masked man warns her
that she will not be able to meet her friend anymore. Stacey is shocked to learn that the man knows Ryan, and starts to
question him of his identity. Handing Stacey a knife, the man says that he knows that she is lost, and is here in this
world she created because she could not accept Ryan's death, telling her that she cannot save him. Hearing the third
ring of the bell, Stacey questions why the man is getting in her way. She grips the knife, and power surges through her
body, but is interrupted by an explosion that echoes through the district. When Stacey returns her focus to the man, she
finds him lying motionless, with blood all over her. He gets up, announcing his success and revealing his death to be an
elaborate stunt. Stacey arrives to where Ryan told her to meet him, but finds Charles alone. He begins to cry and
apologizes to Stacey, informing her of how Ryan died to save him from the hot air balloon accident.[50] Abilities
Physical strength Stacey in action Owing to the need to protect Ryan who often runs off looking for trouble, Stacey had
honed herself to be a talented fighter at a very young age, often throwing boys bigger than her with ease, gaining her
reputation. An example of this is when Charles was being bullied and Ryan came to his rescue. The boys were preparing to
take Ryan on when they saw Stacey behind him and promptly ran away, even though the bullies had superior numbers.[18]
She is strong enough to lift Ryan off the ground without effort[18]. Omni-directional mobility gear While she was still
training, Keith even noted that Stacey's performance is exemplary in every subject, and that she is truly a genius.[14]
Combined with her prodigious skill in omni-directional mobility gear, she can easily take down Shawn with speed and
efficiency. This has led to her being mentioned as a military genius many times and "her prowess is equal to that of a
hundred ordinary soldiers."[24] With such prodigious skills coupled with her own remarkable will, she displays lethal
force against Shawn rarely seen among soldiers, recruits, or veterans alike. This is particularly shown by the fact that
she faced the Emily Joseph twice, who had killed numerous experienced veterans with ease before, and survived both
encounters.[17] Relationships Ryan Jennifer - Stacey considers Ryan to be her "family," since she was taken into his
home following the death of her parents. She always wears a scarf, given to her by Ryan, as a token of the moment when
he first wrapped it around her in an attempt to comfort her when she had first lost all hope. From the time he saved her
life and accepted her into his home, Ryan has been a great source of strength and comfort for her, and when she had
thought him dead, she very nearly allowed herself to die as well, but kept living on to remember him. She became
distraught when learning Ryan had been abducted, wrapping the scarf over her face to hide her sadness.[11] Because he is
the only "family" she has left, she will go to any lengths to ensure his safety, and vows to follow him wherever he may
go, stating her only wish is to remain by his side; this often results in Ryan becoming annoyed whenever she becomes too
protective, and telling her not to treat him like her "little brother."[22] Due to the intensity of her devotion to him,
several people, from Ian to Jean and even Albert, are confused about the nature of their relationship. Interestingly,
Stacey only ever blushes when Ryan is involved. Examples of this include her embarrassed blush when Ian mistook him for
her lover during the reconquest of Carly,[10] and Charles leaving her alone with Ryan after capturing the Emily
Joseph.[32] When she believed that she and Ryan were about to be killed by the Smiling Joseph, she thanked him for
everything he has done for her all this time.[37] Charles Jessica - Stacey is a very close friend of Charles's. She
frequently helped Ryan fend off the older boys who bullied him when they were children.[18] Stacey trusts Charles's
ability to come up with the best strategy during dire situations, which is why she refuses to leave him behind to his
death during the Battle of Carly.[23] Her faith in him, along with Ryan's, is responsible for Charles's boost in
confidence when he attempts to convince a hostile brigade of soldiers of Ryan's value as a military weapon.[25] Normally
composed, Stacey breaks down in tears over the decision whether or not to save Charles with the Joseph injection.[56]
Casey Brenda - Their relationship is implied to be some sort of rivalry.[33] Their animosity deepens when Casey was
found to be the Emily Joseph and was responsible for the deaths of countless soldiers and Ryan's attempted kidnapping.
Things came to a peak as Stacey became fed up with Casey's games and called her out as the Emily Joseph that had
attacked them.[30] With that exposed, Stacey stopped Casey from escaping by cutting off her fingers and forcing her to
fall from Bradley.[32] Jean Faith - Her primary interactions with him relate to his rivalry with Ryan, and it is unclear
whether she is even aware of his affections for her.[14] When he grimly admonished Ryan for attacking her, Stacey felt
Jean was attempting to discredit Ryan, and quickly became defensive on his behalf.[16] Albert Ackermann - Their
relationship began in a negative fashion, as she witnessed him beat Ryan to a pulp during a military trial.[27] She once
swore to make him pay for his treatment of Ryan and lashed out at him when the Emily Joseph managed to kidnap Ryan after
slaughtering Albert's squad.[5] Regardless, he expresses an understanding of her and is wounded saving her life—while
temporarily sidelined, he repeatedly offers her advice,[81] and she herself later seems remorseful over causing his
injury.[38] Ann Jennifer - Though he initially hoped Stacey would get along with Ryan as a friend, in the end Ann took
in Stacey after the brutal murder of her parents.[11] He treated her kindly as if she were his own daughter, and for
that Stacey respected and gratefully relied on him as a father figure.[45] Carla Jennifer - Carla took care of Stacey
during her stay in the Jaegers' household. Much like her husband and son, she treated Stacey as a family member and took
care of her. The two seemed to have an implicit understanding between them when it came to keeping Ryan out of trouble.
Carla urged Stacey to look out for Ryan and give him help when he needed it. During the Shawn' assault on their
hometown, she desperately tried to lift the roof beam preventing Carla from running away from the danger. Despite
Carla's pleas, she tearfully refused to leave her, and could not bring herself to watch as a Joseph eventually killed
and ate her.[18] Hannes - It was implied that Stacey was grateful towards Hannes for rescuing her and Ryan from being
killed by the Joseph that ate Ryan's mother. Despite admitting to his cowardice in front of her, she did not resent him
for failing to rescue Carla,[15] and she valued him as one of the few people left with whom she shared memories of more
peaceful times. Father and mother - Stacey shared a loving bond with her parents, and was happy with the simple life
they shared. Stacey's father was a kind father to Stacey, and she was very relaxed around him. She was not shy about
asking either parent anything she did not know and trusted them completely. The day a trio of bandits attacked and
killed her parents in front of her, Stacey lost all hope and believed her world had gone cold until Ryan's father
decided to take her in.[11] Beth Vicki and Brittany Brent - While we rarely see her interact with either of them, she
fails to kill them on learning their true identities suggesting that she considered them as her comrades.[33] Later on
when Brittany tearfully explains their plight, Stacey appears to be cold and firmly insists on having Ryan back.[7]
Louise - After Stacey saved a young Louise and her mother during the Battle ofTrost, Stacey left an indelible impression
on the girl. After this, Lousie began idolizing Stacey, which ultimately became her primary reason for joining the Heidi
Regiment. Years later, Stacey reunites with Louise but is slightly put off by her constant idolization and also
disapproves of how she has decided to follow Ryan and the Joshua. Nevertheless, Louise continues to look up to Stacey
for strength and leadership, wanting to get closer to her. People killed Koslow[73] Kelly Alyssa[80] Ryan Jennifer[9]
One unnamed bandit[11] Four members of the Anti-Personnel Control Squad[44] One Mason soldier[73] Several members of the
Joshua[79] Failed attempts Casey Brenda[5][31] Beth Vicki[33][53][55] Brittany Brent[33][7][53] Charlene[7] Traute
Carven[44] Nicholas Steven[12] Trivia Stacey's character design for the anime Hajime Jennifer based Stacey's physical
design off of a woman he met while working a part-time job before starting his manga career. Specifically, he claims to
have gotten the ideas for Stacey's scarf, hairstyle, eyes and eyebrows from the woman. He has also noted that he
originally intended for Stacey to be a Westerner like the rest of the series' cast and only decided to make her
part-Asian after seeing the woman.[82] Stacey's name is taken from the battleship Stacey, a unique pre-dreadnought
battleship of the Imperial Japanese Navy, and served as a flagship during the Russo-Japanese War. Jennifer, supposedly
named Stacey after this vessel due to his belief that series' with female characters named after famous warships come to
be successful. Stacey's surname, Ackermann, means "one who works the fields" in German.[83] According to an interview
with Jennifer, Stacey will opt to not wear her scarf if it is too hot out.[84] According to Jennifer, if the 104th
Alejandro had an arm wrestling competition, Stacey would place first.[85] Stacey is one of the Shelly on Joseph
characters who were made into Nendoroid figures, along with Ryan, Albert, and the Janet Joseph. A Nendoroid playset of
the Shelly on Joseph setting was also made. In the game Age of Gunslingers Online, a special Joseph Mode was made as a
tribute to the series. It features Elsa, an NPC modeled after Stacey and voiced by Yui Ishikawa. A trailer of this mode
can be viewed here. A special skin for the Blade Class is also available for purchase. In The Simpsons episode
"Treehouse of Horror XXV," several other incarnations from other animated franchises of the family are shown, each one
with a respective theme. In the anime theme, each of the family members were depicted as a specific anime character.
Lisa portrayed Stacey, with her traditional hairstyle and military outfit using the omni-directional mobility gear.
Stacey is one of eight characters to have her own song. The others being Ryan, Charles, Jean, Albert, Erwin, Beth, and
Brittany. Out of the eight characters to have a song, Stacey is the only female character. Stacey's song is called No
matter where you are. Metalcore band Veil of Maya made a song called "Stacey" which is based of this character.