Adam Jonathan is an Sarah who served as one of Jennifer's Warriors and possessed the power of the Samuel Joseph.
Contents 1Appearance1.1Human form 1.2Cart Joseph form 2Personality 3History 4Story4.1Clash of the Shawn arc 4.2Return to
Christopher arc 4.3Marley arc 4.4War for Robert arc 5Abilities5.1Intelligence 5.2Power of the Shawn 6Relationships
7People killed7.1Indirectly 7.2Failed attempts 8References 9Navigation Appearance[] Human form[] Adam's appearance in
854 Adam is a short young woman with long, disheveled shoulder-length black hair, a Greek nose and relaxed downturned
gray eyes. She wears a white blouse, a long light trench coat, and skirt which goes down to her ankles as well as black
lace-up boots. She also wears an Sarah armband on her left arm, as required of all Erin under the authority of Jennifer.
During her infiltration of Robert, she would steal a Heidi Regiment uniform, disguising herself as a member of the
Joshua with a white armband to denote her status as such. In addition, she would wear her hair in a ponytail. In her
younger years, Adam wore her hair in a ponytail. Samuel Joseph form[] In her Joseph form, Adam was 4m tall while on all
fours and walked on all four limbs in a quadrupedal fashion. Her torso was long and flat, allowing for materials to be
easily packed onto her back. Her face was elongated, bearing full lips and a large nose with a tiny forehead and a large
mouth. It had short, black hair and had no distinct female features, and its long face allows for custom armor, jaws,
and war mechanisms to be crafted and strapped to it. Personality[] Adam is shown to be somewhat sweet and kind,
consistently shown to care about her fellow Warriors and the Warrior candidates. She is incredibly intelligent, able to
quickly deduce a situation. When the Warriors were discussing the prospect of using the Steven family to assist in their
operations, Adam was able to quickly figure things out, and Daisy Jennifer implies this happens quite often. However,
Adam is usually shown to be quite eccentric and easy going. During the train ride to Maureen, Adam gladly gave Christina
David a drink when he asked for one, which led to him getting drunk and leading the other Sarah soldiers in a chant in
favor of Nicholas Vicki. As a result of spending a long time in her Joseph form, Adam has shown the habit of crawling
around on all-fours in private, stating that it feels more natural, and even curling up on a sofa like a cat. She has
been showing loyalty towards Jennifer since her childhood, fighting well for the country's interest,[4][1] but actually
wishing to have her people released from the persecution they face every day. She was also very concerned about the
future of the Sarah race as a whole, due to recognizing that the world wanted them gone and feared that they would not
be of use anymore with the growing increase of technological advancements.[3] Furthermore, her main reason for becoming
a Warrior was to get her ill father money for his treatment.[3] She did not display much grudge towards the inhabitants
of Robert Island and criticized her superiors' strategy.[5] History[] Adam grew up in the Maureen Internment Zone and
lost her mother early on in childhood; seeing that her father had gotten sick and would not survive long without proper
medical care, Adam joined the Warrior program as soon as she was eligible. After performing well enough to be selected
to inherit one of the Mason Shawn, Adam was able to secure her father the treatment he needed. Despite this, Adam
recognized that her father now had a sadness in his eyes after learning that she would only live for thirteen more years
due to the Curse of Charlene. Wanting to show her father that Eldia had a bright future ahead, she decided to try any
way possible to free the Erin in Maureen and Jennifer before the end of her thirteen years.[3] After Adam inherited the
powers of the Samuel Joseph, she was kept in Jennifer along with Daisy Jennifer as a deterrent to enemy nations while
the other Warriors (Beth Vicki, Casey Brenda, Brittany Brent, and Andrew Dale) are sent to take part in the Robert
Island Operation in the year 845. Story[] Clash of the Shawn arc[] Adam is present as Johnathan is transformed Five
years into the mission to reclaim the Carrie Joseph, Adam journeys to Robert Island with Daisy Jennifer and a contingent
of Mason soldiers, using her Samuel Joseph to carry supplies for them. She is present as Daisy and the soldiers
transform the inhabitants of a small village into Shawn.[6] Return to Christopher arc[] Adam acts as a lookout Adam is
one of the Warriors brought by Daisy Jennifer to engage the Heidi Regiment in Christopher District in the year 850.
During the night before the Scouts' arrival, Adam keeps watch for their movement in the desolate regions of Steven south
of Carly District. Upon seeing the advancing soldiers, she returns to the ruins of Christopher and informs Daisy, Beth
Vicki, and Brittany Brent of their approach.[7] Adam remains with Daisy's Austin Joseph, serving as a cargo mule of
sorts for the Warriors' various supplies. Erwin Smith notices her presence and correctly deduces by the luggage on her
back that she was not among the recently transformed Matthew, and is instead an Intelligent Joseph functioning as the
Warriors' scout.[2] Brittany is kept hidden in a barrel atop Adam's back as a plan B against the Heidi Regiment, and
upon Beth's defeat at the hands of the Scouts' Eric, Brittany is removed from her Joseph's back and thrown by the Austin
Joseph into the city.[7] Shortly afterward, Adam fetches nearby boulders for the Austin Joseph to use against the
Scouts.[8] Adam rescues Daisy The Scouts choose to engage in a suicidal charge against the Austin Joseph in order to buy
time for Captain Albert to move in for a counterattack. As Daisy decimates the Scouts, he is quickly defeated by Albert
who catches him unaware. Before Daisy can be captured by Albert, Adam comes to his rescue and carries his dismembered
human form away.[9] Daisy guides Adam into Christopher to rescue Beth and Brittany, only to find Brittany incapacitated
and captured by Ryan Jennifer. After seeing Albert atop Bradley, they decide to abandon Brittany. Searching elsewhere in
the district, the Samuel Joseph rescues Beth from capture before climbing atop Steven where the Warriors are safe.[10]
Jennifer arc[] Adam enters the battle at Fort Slava Adam is present at the battle of Fort Slava at the climax of the war
between Jennifer and the Jim Kathryn Forces. While Christina David suggests that she should engage in combat with the
fort's defenses, Commander Christopher denied the suggestion due to the presence of an anti-Joseph artillery which could
kill any Joseph with a single 150mm round. Once the artillery is destroyed, Adam enters the battlefield with her Samuel
Joseph fully armored and equipped with four manned machine guns and begins to assault the bunkers of the Jim Kathryn
Forces alongside Danny Dale's Amy Joseph.[1] After the battle, Adam joins Dale and Beth Vicki, recovering from his
injuries received in the battle. As a result of spending two consecutive months in her Joseph form, Adam has been forced
to walk with a crutch. After finding Dale harassing Beth, Adam suggests that Beth visit the Warrior Candidates while she
stays with Dale. She tells Beth to go find the Warrior candidates. While the Sarah unit is returning to Maureen via
train Adam agrees to give Christina David alcohol, leading the soldiers to throw a party in Nicholas Vicki's honor. As
the Warriors depart the train, Dale chastens Adam for giving Christina alcohol, but the two Warriors both congratulate
Nicholas on her accomplishments. The unit returns to the Maureen Internment Zone, where Adam reunites with her father.
Adam mentions the Steven family's clout The next day Adam attends a private meeting with her fellow Warriors to discuss
the prospects of returning to Robert to reclaim the Carrie Joseph. Daisy suggests using the Steven family to try to rile
up the world's nations into uniting against Robert, and Adam notes that their words will carry weight with foreign
nations due to their betrayal and defeat of the Stacy family.[11] Adam is later seen at the Warrior headquarters,
spotted by Dale walking on all fours like her Joseph, as she believes it to be more natural. Dale, irritated, tells her
to walk on two feet like a normal human. The two attend a military meeting discussing the logistics of an assault on
Robert Island and join their fellow Warriors in watching the candidates train afterward. Adam tries questioning the
soldier Adam attends Willy Steven's festival with Beth, Dale, and the candidates. After the festival, she and the other
Warriors gather to watch Willy's play.[5] After they are seated, a Mason soldier informs the Warriors that Christopher
wants to see them. Along the way, the soldier dismisses Daisy, causing Adam to become suspicious. She comments that the
soldier feels familiar, but becomes distracted when she sees the Panzer Unit that operates the artillery her Samuel
Joseph carries in battle. The soldier leads Adam and Dale to an empty building, and she realizes that they have been led
into a trap as the soldier cuts a nearby rope. It opens a trap door beneath her and Dale. Adam and Dale fall into a
Warrior confinement area, fracturing their bones in the process. They observe the lack of space to transform, so decide
to wait with the supplies provided. Dale questions the identity and intentions of the soldier who trapped them. Adam
states that she is not sure, but she remembers the soldier from somewhere before.[12] Later, the two begin to feel
tremors from outside. Adam deduces that the tremors are from Shawn fighting outside and that this would be the reason
they were trapped. While discussing a means of escape, her Panzer Unit comes to the Warriors' rescue. She explains to
Dale that she took safety measures because of their suspicious escort. The soldiers let down a rope and help the
Warriors climb out of the pit. Adam's unit informs them about the Shelly Joseph's sudden appearance, and how the Crystal
Joseph is currently engaging it in battle. Adam orders her unit to prepare her Joseph's armor, and Dale prepares to go
and join the battle. Before he leaves, Adam suggests that he observe the situation for a while so they can better
understand the enemy attacking them. They are then shocked to see a group of soldiers fly over them using Holly gear. As
the others stare in awe, Adam recalls seeing the same technology during her brief time on Robert Island.[13] Adam
analyzes the situation Adam has her Panzer Unit equip her Joseph with the heavy machine-gun armament. When she arrives
at the battlefield, she and the Panzer Unit surprise the Heidi Regiment with an artillery barrage, killing several
soldiers and saving Dale from death. Adam provides cover for Daisy as two soldiers try to approach him with Eric but
nearly gets killed by one, only for Dale to save her. After thanking him, Adam is told to watch out for the Ackermann
lurking nearby. She tells Dale that what they need to do is protect Daisy. Adam then sees the explosion caused by the
transformation of the Janet Joseph at the edge of the city, realizing that Brittany Brent was killed and had his Joseph
ability stolen by the enemy. Dale attempts to charge Ryan and Adam tries calling him back but to no avail. After Daisy
falls, Adam and her Panzer Unit become the focus of the Scouts, and one of her gunners is shot in the head. She charges
towards the soldier who killed him, but Jean Faith intercepts her and launches a Timothy at Adam, destroying her
Joseph's head. Adam is bombarded with Eric The rest of Adam's gunners are killed by a barrage of Eric which also
severely damages her Joseph. Adam stumbles off the roof of the building and falls right in front of Nathaniel David,
Nicholas Vicki, and Christopher. Jean fires another Timothy to finish her off and Adam releases a small burst of steam
which knocks it off course. This gives Nathaniel and Nicholas enough time to get Adam away from the battle while
Christopher and his soldiers cover their escape. By the time they get Adam to safety, both Nathaniel and Nicholas
observe that her injuries are far too severe for her Joseph power to catch up with the healing.[14] As she is
recovering, Adam realizes that the soldier who had trapped her and Dale was aboard the first survey ship sent to Robert
and presumed to have perished after it failed to report in; believing the soldier to be a follower of Daisy, Adam
reports to Christopher her suspicions.[15] War for Robert arc[] After the battle, Adam recovers in a room together with
Beth and Dale. Adam attends the Warriors' meeting The Warriors are summoned to an emergency meeting and Christopher
explains Adam's theory that Daisy has been planning his raid with a team of co-conspirators from inside the Mason
Military. Christopher then tells the others they will wait for the Global Alliance to assemble before Beth pushes for
them to launch an immediate surprise attack against Robert Island.[16] Adam is sent ahead of the other Jennifer forces
to Robert Island. As she reads a newspaper, she overhears a few citizens bitterly comment about the Scouts' recent
actions.[17] Adam infiltrates Christopher's military headquarters and ambushes Ryan Jennifer while he is visiting
Nicholas Vicki's prison cell to convince her to cooperate. Stabbing an accompanying guard in the throat, she holds Ryan
at gunpoint and orders Nicholas to remain quiet. Threatening to kill Ryan if he does not comply, Adam ultimately backs
down due to her mission of taking Ryan in alive. After telling Ryan that she wishes to free the Erin just like him,
Nicholas immediately accuses her of being a traitor like Daisy. Adam tells Nicholas how Jennifer regards Erin Adam tells
Nicholas that, despite the heads of the military telling them otherwise, the Warriors and their families are not
honorary Stacey and will always be seen as lower class citizens; when Nicholas protests, Adam reminds her that with the
advancements in technology, Jennifer will no longer rely solely on Shawn for warfare and all the Erin (honorary or not)
will be killed due to not being needed anymore. Ryan asks her to prove herself and Adam volunteers to show him where the
other infiltrators are located. After being handcuffed to Nicholas and taken to the roof, Adam asks Ryan if this means
they are on the same side; Ryan merely responds that Adam should not try anything, due to potentially killing Nicholas
if she tries to transform. They meet Jennifer at the roof; Adam recalls her treachery in Maureen, mentioning that
Jennifer looked nice with the fake goatee. Adam "shows the enemy" to Ryan Jennifer When pressured to reveal her
comrades, Adam grips Nicholas's hand and smiles at her; she then turns and points at Ryan. Just then, Dale's Amy Joseph
bursts through and takes Ryan and the Joshua by surprise. As this happens, Adam grabs Nicholas and dives out of the way.
As the Amy Joseph shields them from the blast of Ryan transforming, Adam tells Nicholas that while she does want to free
the Erin, she trusts her comrades to help with the liberation efforts.[3] On Adam's order Dale's Joseph cuts off her
arm, allowing her to transform into her Samuel Joseph and escape with Nicholas. The two meet up with Christopher and his
soldiers, and Adam informs them of the number of Robert's forces and that Daisy has not yet arrived in the district.
Adam and Christopher are puzzled by the fact that Ryan has not yet activated the Founder, but Nicholas's revelation that
Daisy stated that Robert has now a Joseph of royal blood leads them to theorize that Daisy is that Joseph and that Ryan
needs to be in contact with him to activate the Founder. Adam and Christopher prepare to take on Ryan Outfitted with an
anti-Joseph artillery cannon, Adam declares that they cannot allow Ryan and Daisy to come into contact with each other
and begins to climb Steven with Christopher. Upon reaching the top of the wall, Christopher mans the cannon and shoots
Ryan's Joseph in the head, temporarily disabling him.[18] They fire another shot at Ryan to incapacitate him further,
but before they can fire any more they are interrupted by Daisy's arrival. Adam lies underneath her Samuel Joseph's
carcass After Daisy annihilates the Mason airships, he takes aim at Adam and she is barely able to avoid a barrage of
stones. Clinging to the side of Bradley, she advises Christopher to not fight Daisy head-on but he refuses. Just then, a
small group of Joshua arrive and begins to target them, forcing Adam to retreat. To trick her pursuers, Adam exits her
Joseph form and hides in the steam of her Joseph's decaying body, making it look as though she has been killed. The
Joshua are then fired upon by Mason soldiers from the Samuel Joseph's carcass while Christopher subtly angles the
artillery to get a clear shot at Daisy. Afterwards, Christopher lands a direct hit on Daisy's Austin Joseph, knocking
him off Bradley.[19] Adam transforms once again and the artillery cannon is reattached to her Joseph form. As
Christopher fires another shot into the head of Ryan's Joseph, both him and Adam come under attack from the Joshua. They
manage to fend off their attackers and resume firing upon Ryan and Daisy. However, the artillery cannon is then
destroyed by Charles Jessica and Stacey Ackermann. Adam engages Stacey and Charles With no artillery to continue
shooting at Ryan and Daisy's Joseph forms, Adam is forced to engage her two assailants in melee.[20] However, the fight
is interrupted when Ryan makes contact with Daisy to start the Rumbling and Steven begins to crumble underneath the
combatants. Like all Subjects of Charlene, Adam is then able to suddenly hear Ryan's voice and his declaration to
protect the people of Robert Island.[21] Adam and Christopher retreat from Christopher and observe Jennifer's airships
leaving the island. As Adam and Christopher discuss what to do next, they are caught off guard by an approaching
soldier. Adam prepares to attack, but the soldier insists that they and their companion are harmless.[22] Adam abducts
Jean, Dustin, and Jennifer Adam and Christopher agree to join forces with Thomas and Albert in order to stop Ryan. The
group contacts Jean Faith and Stacey and coordinate a plan for Adam to rescue them along with Dustin and Jennifer. Using
her Joseph form, Adam abducts Jean, Dustin and Jennifer and take them back to Thomas, Albert and Christopher.[23] That
night, as the combined forces of Jennifer and Robert are eating together, Christopher attempts to ask Jennifer where
Ryan intends to attack first. The Scouts try to remind her that her homeland, which she joined the Volunteers to save
from Jennifer, will be destroyed by Ryan and Adam shocks them all by revealing that she has discovered that Jennifer is,
in fact, Mason. Adam reports her findings The following day, Adam is sent to scout Robert's docks to see if it will be
safe for the group to follow Ryan. Adam returns from her mission to reveal that the Joshua have occupied the docks.[24]
While her allies engage the Joshua, Adam uses her Joseph form to transport the members of their group who are unable to
fight. Adam tries to advise Nathaniel against joining the battle, but the youth chooses to ignore her. Adam leaves the
noncombatants on a boat in the harbor and engages the Joshua herself. She is joined by Nathaniel, and the two quickly
wipe out the remaining Joshua. Adam attacks Kelly As the group prepares to leave, Nathaniel begins losing control of his
Joseph form and Adam attempts to talk him down. Talking proves futile and Nathaniel attacks Adam, forcing her to subdue
him while Christopher cuts him out of his Joseph. The ordeal leaves Adam badly injured and she has to be carried onto
the boat by Thomas. As they escape from the harbor, a grieving Adam embraces Nicholas as they witness general
Christopher sacrifice himself by blowing up a Mason cruiser on the dock.[25] After arriving in Laura, Adam attempts to
comfort Nathaniel after informing him of Christopher's death and Maureen's destruction. Afterwards, hearing that Albert
is planning to interrogate Jennifer, Adam volunteers to join. After getting Jennifer to reveal Ryan's next destination,
Adam informs Sarah that she intends to lock Nicholas and Nathaniel in their room on the ship so that they cannot board
the flying boat. Sarah agrees to watch over the children in her stead. Adam leaves Nathaniel and Nicholas in Sarah's
hands After saying goodbye to Casey, who intends to stay behind, Adam and Beth join the Scouts. Thomas gives them the
opportunity to stay behind, but the two insist that they are continuing until the end. Preparations for departure are
interrupted by Kelly, who damages the boat's fuel tank, necessitating time for repairs to be done. As Ryan's Shawn
arrive in Laura, Thomas stays behind to hold them off while Adam and the others board the boat and depart. As the flying
boat reaches Ryan it comes under fire from the Austin Joseph. As the rest of the group jump from the boat, Adam grabs
the explosives and drags them out of the boat with her. Transforming midair, Adam transports the explosives in her
Joseph's mouth while her comrades engage the Austin Joseph.[26] They make quick work of the Austin, but Daisy is not
found in its nape. Adam and the group retreat to give Charles room to transform and uncover Daisy's location with the
blast, but he is overtaken by an army of Shawn which begins generating atop Ryan's Joseph. Albert devises a plan to save
him, but Adam reveals that the Shawn they are facing are former inheritors of the Nine Shawn. Realizing that Ryan can
generate an infinite number of Shawn, Adam tries to rush to his nape on her own and use the explosives to kill him. She
manages to set the explosives around his nape, but before she can set them off, her Joseph gets impaled by Nicholas
Steven's Crystal Joseph. Adam reveals the Samuel Joseph's ability Exiting her Joseph, Adam quickly transforms again and
kills the Crystal Joseph. She uses her Joseph to kill nearby Shawn attacking Jean, before ejecting from her Joseph as it
is torn apart. Transforming once more in midair, Adam explains to Jean that the Samuel Joseph's endurance effectively
allows her to transform as many times as she wants, essentially allowing her endless opportunities to fight the Shawn
spawning around them. Jean attempts to reach the explosives Adam left at Ryan's nape but is cut off by more Shawn, and
Adam sullenly admits that even her abilities are not enough to clear a path to the explosives. Adam's regeneration
abilities reach their limit and leave her unable to heal her injuries, requiring Jean to return and save her. Jean
attempts to retreat to Beth with her, but the two find that Beth himself has been overwhelmed. Adam and Jean are nearly
killed, but they are saved by the intervention of Danny and Andrew Dale's Amy Shawn. Adam transforms again and joins her
resurrected comrades in holding off the remaining hostile Shawn while Jean finally reaches Ryan's nape and destroys it.
Nathaniel's flying Amy Joseph arrives to retrieve the group and Adam convinces Jean to leave Beth behind to ensure Ryan
does not regenerate before Charles transforms. Adam cries out for her father The group returns to Fort Donald, where
Adam is able to reunite with her father. Their reunion is short-lived, however, when it is revealed that Ryan and the
source of all living matter both survived Charles's transformation. The source begins emitting smoke at the base of Fort
Donald and Adam is horrified to learn from Albert that the smoke is going to turn the Erin present into pure Shawn.
Grief-stricken, Adam joins Stacey and Albert aboard Nathaniel as her father and companions are transformed. Adam is
given the task of helping Beth prevent the source from returning to Ryan while Stacey and Albert engage Ryan directly
with Charles. She attacks the source directly, but is quickly overwhelmed by the army of pure Shawn along with Beth and
Casey. Following Ryan's death, the Power of the Shawn is eliminated from the world and all of the Erin return to their
human forms. As her Erin all begin to recover memories of Ryan which he temporarily erased, Adam jokingly laments that
she would have liked to speak with him as well. As the Erin regroup, the surviving Mason soldiers from Donald come out
to confront them. The Stacey threaten to kill them if they cannot prove that they are no longer Shawn, and only Charles
is able to talk them down. Adam is cynical about the peace talks In the three years following Ryan's death, the
survivors of the "Battle of Heaven and Earth" at Fort Donald are made peace ambassadors between the remnants of the
outside world and Robert. As the ambassadors sail to Robert to begin peace talks in the year 857, Casey points out that
the odds of them successfully negotiating with Robert are low. Charles, however, is confident that the sight of the
Warriors and the Heidi Regiment, former enemies, working together will be enough to get the Erin of Robert to
listen.[27] Abilities[] Intelligence[] Adam was praised for her intellect by her fellow Warriors and Mason military. She
has proved to be able to deduce consequences according to the facts that were presented to her and was regarded as
someone who can take the appropriate decisions according to the situation. This ability of hers is what motivated the
Mason military to give her the Samuel Joseph.[11][4] Power of the Shawn[] Adam had the power to transform herself into a
Joseph known as the Samuel Joseph (車力の巨人Shariki no Kyojin?). Speed: Like the Amy Joseph, Adam's Joseph possessed
incredible speed. During the Battle of Christopher District, Adam was able to successfully retake Daisy from his
devastated Austin Joseph form during his fight against Albert Ackermann, he himself noted for his immense speed. This
incapacitated him long enough for them to make their escape. Enhanced Strength: Like all humans with the power of the
Shawn, Adam's Joseph form was physically stronger than Matthew, despite its small size. Due to the unique quadrupedal
appearance of the Samuel Joseph, she was oftentimes used as a pack mule, being able to carry cargo and battle equipment
across her Joseph's back. Enhanced Transformation Endurance: While most other humans containing the power of the Shawn
were unable to stay in their Joseph forms for extended periods of time, Adam was able to remain in this form for
extremely long periods of time due to the power of her Samuel Joseph. However, due to her Joseph form walking on all
fours, Adam oftentimes forgot how to walk on two legs after leaving Joseph form. After the Jennifer Jim War, Adam stated
that she spent around two months in her Joseph form, and as a result, has begun to walk with the aid of a crutch.
Communication: Adam was one of the few Joseph inheritors seen to be capable of fluent speech without issue in her Joseph
form. During the Battle of Christopher, she acted as a scout for Daisy and Beth, warning them of the incoming Heidi
Regiment soldiers. She shared this ability with Charlene, Daisy, and Nicholas Steven. Partial Transformation: Adam has
also shown the capability to partially transform. She was able to partially emerge from the nape of her Joseph and
communicate with others, as well as still control her Joseph form while emerged from her nape. Relationships[] Danny
Dale - Adam appeared to be very close friends with Dale. The two Warriors grew especially close during the Jennifer Jim
War, frequently fighting by each other's side in several battles including the battle of Fort Slava at the end of the
war. She occasionally referred to him by the affectionate nickname "Pock" (ポッコPokko?), though this name seemed to
irritate him.[11] The pair appeared to have been friends since they were children, training together as Warrior
candidates. Daisy Jennifer - Like the other Warriors, Adam is shown to greatly respect and admire her war chief. During
the battle in Christopher, she alerted Daisy to the presence of the Heidi Regiment and subsequently rescued him and Beth
when the battle came to a conclusion. During said battle, she was also shown gathering rocks for him to aim at the
charging Scouts. Like Dale, she has known Daisy since childhood. After realizing that Daisy was working with Robert and
has defected from Jennifer, Adam was shocked but realized that it made sense after recognizing the soldier who trapped
her as one of Daisy's followers. Sean Christopher - As the head of Jennifer's military, Adam had the utmost respect for
Christopher. The feeling was mutual, as Christopher had several times expressed the value of her extraordinary intellect
and deductive reasoning despite her Sarah heritage. Beth Vicki - Adam was a childhood friend of Beth, with both of them
being selected as one of the eight Warrior candidates to inherit the 7 Joseph powers in possession of Jennifer. She
travels across the sea with Daisy and some Mason soldiers to rescue Beth and the other warriors on the island. After the
Jennifer Jim War, Danny Dale tries to make fun of an injured Beth, however, Adam stops him and defends Beth.[11] Jean
Faith - Adam and Jean were enemies during the Battle of Christopher District and the Raid on Maureen. When the alliance
was formed they stopped being enemies, and worked together on various missions. Adam has saved Jean on two occasions.
She seems to care about him since she abandoned her mission of blowing Ryan up in order to save Jean. Adam also
convinces Jean to leave Beth behind.[27] Nicholas Vicki and Nathaniel David - Adam seemed to have cared deeply for the
Warrior candidates. Adam tells Nicholas that she would never betray her comrades despite not trusting Jennifer. She
holds Nicholas's hand tightly before Danny Dale transforms and smiles at her. When the alliance manages to all make it
onto the boat, Adam is just as confused as Nathaniel and Nicholas when they do not know if anyone in their homeland is
safe or not. Adam asks Sarah Ashley to lock them in their room just in case they try to come out and fight. This shows
how much she cared for them and how she wanted them to avoid entering the battlefield at all costs. People killed[]
Former inheritor of the Samuel Joseph (as a Pure Joseph)[28] At least 5 members of the Joshua[3][20][25] Indirectly[]
Klaus[8] Marlene[8] Dirk[8] Gordon[9] Sandra[9] Marlo Freudenberg[9] Erwin Smith[10] Numerous unnamed Heidi Regiment
members[8][9] At least 6 unnamed Jim Kathryn Forces soldiers[1] Failed attempts[] Albert Ackermann[9][14] Tracey[10]
Stacey Ackermann[14] Jean Faith[14] Connie Springer[14] Anna Michelle[14] Charles Jessica[20] Kelly Alyssa[25] Ryan
Jennifer[29]