Danny Dale was an Sarah and the younger brother of Andrew Dale. He was one of Jennifer's Warriors and possessed the
ability to transform into the Amy Joseph. Contents 1Appearance1.1Human form 1.2Jaw Joseph form 2Personality 3History
4Story4.1Return to Christopher arc 4.2Marley arc 4.3War for Robert arc 4.4Legacy 5Abilities5.1Power of the Shawn
6Relationships 7People Killed7.1Failed attempts 8Trivia 9References 10Navigation Appearance[] Human form[] Dale's
appearance in 854 Dale was a young man of average height. He had hazel eyes, and his blond hair was kept in an undercut
style which was pushed back. He wore combat trousers and a short coat. He also wore the Sarah armband on his left arm,
as required of all Erin under the authority of Jennifer. While undercover on Robert Island, Dale stole a Heidi Regiment
uniform to disguise himself as part of the Joshua. Amy Joseph form[] Dale's Joseph, the Amy Joseph, possessed deep-set
eyes with a heavy brow and long blond hair. While his chin sported a long beard, the rest of his face was hairless with
a cog-like arrangement of hardened skin in place of lips. His Joseph also sported an armored face, fingers, and
knuckles. His body was muscular and well-toned, and he usually employed all four limbs when moving. Personality[] Dale
appears to be a brave figure, using his Joseph to leap in the way of bullets and protect his fellow Erin Nicholas and
Nathaniel, and Warriors. It is, however, quite possible that Dale was not acting on bravery and was instead certain of
his ability to withstand gunfire with the absence of the armored train, indicating that he has fought on battlefields
before. As a dedicated soldier, he charges right into the heat of battle, attacking and crushing enemy soldiers for his
people. He also has somewhat of a bitter personality particularly towards Beth Vicki, and treats him condescendingly.
Dale seems to be prone to using passive-aggressive language, although it is likely that much of this animosity is
exclusive to Beth. He is, or at least was, prone to violence, as seen when he punched Beth after they had an argument.
He also appears to be extremely arrogant in his own power, trusting that his Joseph powers are more than enough to keep
him alive against the experienced Heidi Regiment and was visibly shocked when they are able to essentially fight him to
a standstill. It should be noted that despite his rude attitude, Dale cares very deeply for his fellow Warriors. He is
shown to be a nice person, being very friendly towards fellow Warriors and Warrior candidates, and has no difficulty
treating Beth's cousin Nicholas with respect. Although he is cold and unwelcoming to the older Warriors' friendly
advances, he shows great panic and anger when Adam and Daisy are defeated during battle with the Scouts. The revelation
that Brittany Brent was devoured while on Robert angers him enough to begin acting rashly in battle and put himself in
danger as a result. History[] Danny mocked Beth Some years before the Robert Island Operation, Dale was a leading
candidate to inherit the Carolyn Joseph. He participated in the selection process along other Sarah children. After
reuniting with the other six possible candidates and receiving the information about the future offensive against Robert
Island, Dale scolded Beth Vicki as he considered him the only one without a special talent, being only fueled by his
love towards Jennifer and his adulating towards their superiors. After Beth accused him of being an Sarah spy, Dale
punched him and was stopped by his brother before continuing to their destination; even though Andrew had convinced him
to stop the assault, Dale continued to mock Beth.[2] Danny was enraged that Beth got chosen over him It was eventually
decided in the year 843 that Beth would inherit the power of the Carolyn Joseph; Dale's brother Andrew was additionally
chosen to inherit the power of the Amy Joseph. Danny confronted Beth about the matter, enraged that he was chosen over
him only to be stopped by his brother because what he was doing was an act of insubordination. Danny then bowed down to
Beth as an apology. When the Warriors departed for Robert Island, Dale remained behind on the continental mainland.[2]
Story[] Return to Christopher arc[] After Charlene, a former Pure Joseph who devoured Andrew on Robert Island,
surrenders herself to Jennifer to return the Amy Joseph power she inadvertently stole, Dale is chosen to consume her and
inherit the power.[3] He inherits Charlene's memories and understands her history and motives, but he sees nothing from
the memories of his brother.[4] Jennifer arc[] Dale destroys the Allies' railway Four years after the Warriors' return
from Robert, Dale is present at the battle of Fort Slava. Under orders from the Warriors' Mason superior Commander
Christopher, he and Adam are unauthorized to engage in combat with the Jim Kathryn Forces at the fort due to the
presence of the highly dangerous Anti-Joseph Artillery. However, once Nicholas succeeds in destroying the armored train
holding the artillery, Dale joins the fight and shields her and Nathaniel from machine gun fire before charging forward
and decimating the enemies' defenses. After clearing their defenses Dale continues pushing forward, killing several
soldiers inside the trenches and using his powerful jaw to break the railways. After the Carolyn Joseph is deployed
inside the fortress, Dale destroys several anti-Joseph artillery platforms to protect him before retiring and leaving
the remaining soldiers to the Carolyn Joseph and the Austin Joseph.[5] Dale recalls inheriting Charlene's power After
the battle, Dale watches over Beth as he recovers from his injuries following the battle of Fort Slava. When Beth
awakens, he thanks Dale for saving him in Fort Slava, but Dale coldly tells him that he only wanted to keep Jennifer
from losing the Carolyn Joseph. Dale then explains that he did not inherit his brother's memories but he did inherit
Charlene's memories and harshly berates Beth for needing to be saved by his comrades so often, including Andrew whose
death Dale holds Beth accountable for. Beth eventually leaves after Adam joins them, and Dale stays behind with Adam.
Dale later joins the rest of the Mason military on the train returning to their homeland, seated among the other
Warriors. When the train arrives at Maureen Dale is forced to help Warrior candidate Christina David, hungover from a
party he threw in Nicholas's honor, off the train. Dale chastises Adam for agreeing to let Christina drink, but soon
turns his attention to Nicholas and congratulates her for her accomplishments at Slava. The Sarah soldiers return to the
Maureen Internment Zone, where Dale reunites with his parents. Dale and the rest of the warriors meet in Daisy's room
The next day Dale attends a private meeting with the other Warriors to discuss returning to Robert Island to retake the
Carrie Joseph. Once the two arrive, Daisy informs them of his plan to stabilize Jennifer's steadily waning power by
recommencing the Robert Island Operation to reclaim the Carrie Joseph. Dale is unhappy at the news that the noble Steven
family will be acting as the Warriors' spokespersons during the affair, but is convinced by Beth and Daisy to agree to
the plan.[4] Dale attends a military meeting figuring out the logistics of an invasion of Robert Island. On his way he
meets up with Adam, who is trying to walk on all fours to emulate her Samuel Joseph. After the meeting ends, he joins
his Warrior colleagues outside on a balcony, and sarcastically compliments the senior officers' intellect. On the day of
Willy Steven's festival in Maureen, Dale attends the event with Beth, Adam, and the Warrior candidates. Later that night
he and the other Warriors gather to attend Willy's play.[6] Adam and Dale fall inside the Warrior confinement area After
taking their seat, a Jennifer soldier informs the Warriors that Christopher wants to speak with them. After sending
Daisy off, the soldier leads Dale and Adam to an empty room. Confused, Dale asks where Christopher is, only for the
soldier to cut a nearby rope, opening a trap door underneath the two. Dale and Adam fall onto a bed of straw, fracturing
their bones in the process. Adam identifies the hole as an old-fashioned Warrior confinement area, and they note the
lack of space to transform. Dale wonders about the soldier's plan and Adam answers that she is not sure, but recognizes
the soldier from somewhere.[7] The captive Warriors begin to feel tremors inside the confinement trap. This allows Adam
to deduce that Shawn are battling outside, giving reason to why they were captured. As Dale begins questioning how to
escape, the Panzer Unit comes to their rescue. Adam explains that she had taken security measures because of the
suspicious feeling she had gotten from their supposed escort. The unit then sends down a rope, which the Warriors use to
climb up and out of the pitfall. The rescuers inform them about the Shelly Joseph's sudden appearance, and how the
Crystal Joseph is currently engaging it in battle. Dale bites the Shelly Joseph's nape Whilst Adam briefs her troops,
Dale prepares to go and join the fray, though she asks him to stop and observe the situation for a while. Dale is then
shocked to see a group of soldiers dart over them using Anti-Personnel omni-directional mobility gear, having never seen
it used before. After transforming into his Amy Joseph, Dale ambushes Ryan Jennifer's Shelly Joseph from behind and
leaps onto its nape. Dale tries to bite into the Joseph's nape, but his jaw is sliced open before he can. The Shelly
Joseph then smashes Dale on a building behind them, and as he sees the soldier maneuvering around, he realizes that it
is an Ackermann.[8] Dale frightened by Albert's swift attack Adam's Samuel Joseph then arrives in time with the Panzer
Unit, killing several enemy soldiers with its machine guns, much to Dale's surprise. As the Austin Joseph also joins the
battlefield, Dale and Adam stand by its side, facing the rest of the Scouts. After killing an enemy soldier Dale
partially emerges from his Joseph and warns Adam of the Ackermann, as they had lost sight of him. He listens as Adam
assesses the situation, and he states if they could get the Carrie Joseph, the enemy would lose the ace up their
sleeves. They are interrupted by a sudden explosion at the harbor. Adam recognizes it as the Janet Joseph's
transformation and realizes Brittany was killed and had his Joseph ability taken by the enemy. Angered by this, Dale
charges towards Ryan, remarking that the enemy's plans would be ruined if he gets rid of him. The Amy Joseph scratches
Nicholas's crystal Dale is stunned to see Daisy's Joseph get taken down by Albert and then sees that the Samuel Joseph
is disabled as well. Fearing that both have been killed, this drives him into a rage once more and once again targets
Ryan. Growing out the claws on his Joseph form, Dale avoids another attack by Stacey and lunges at the Shelly Joseph,
only to get punched in the face. Despite this, Dale hangs on and bites down on the hardened fist made by Ryan. He then
rakes the face of the Shelly Joseph with numerous strikes, one getting deflected by the crystal surrounding the younger
sister of Willy. Dale momentarily retreats back to the husk of the Crystal Joseph. Dale is hoisted above the Shelly
Joseph Noticing an incoming airship, Dale realizes that is how the Heidi Regiment plan to retreat. He changes targets
but fails to see Stacey, who cripples his Joseph by slicing through his legs and cutting off his right foot. This sends
Dale crashing down in front of Ryan; the latter subdues the Amy Joseph by tearing off both its arms and forces the
crystal into its mouth. Dale realizes the Shelly Joseph wishes to use him to steal the Crystal Joseph but is unable to
stop it; he is forced by Ryan to bite down and break through the hardened crystal, killing Nicholas Steven and allowing
Ryan to obtain her Joseph powers. He is then slammed to the ground and left unconscious by Ryan, who tries to bite his
nape and eat him as well. Seeing this, Nicholas and Nathaniel yell for Beth to save him, eventually managing to awaken
him.[9] The Carolyn Joseph emerges from the rubble and attacks Ryan, preventing Dale from being eaten. War for Robert
arc[] Dale attends the Warriors' meeting Some time after the battle finishes, Dale sits with a recovered Adam, drinking
alcohol when Beth wakes up. Dale asks him if he had a nightmare and gives him a bottle. Dale later takes part in an
emergency meeting with Christopher and the other Warriors. He is shocked to hear that Daisy is most likely working with
Robert and deceived all of Jennifer.[10] As part of the retaliation against Robert, Dale and Adam are discreetly sent to
Robert, where they infiltrate the military headquarters where Ryan Jennifer is staying. Once Adam has brought Ryan to
the roof of the building, Dale transforms into his Amy Joseph form and ambushes Ryan, but is unable to prevent Ryan from
transforming. As Ryan transforms, Dale uses the Amy Joseph to shield Adam and Nicholas from the resulting blast.[11] On
Adam's orders, Dale cuts off her arm and uses his own Joseph to distract Ryan as she transforms. Once Adam has fled with
Nicholas, Dale falls back to a safe distance himself. Dale and Beth's pincer attack As Beth engages Ryan in his Carolyn
Joseph form, Dale tries to attack Ryan from behind, determined to get revenge for being made an accomplice in the
Crystal Joseph's murder. He avoids an initial attack from Ryan, but he and Beth are both skewered and left immobile when
Ryan begins creating hardened structures from the ground.[12] Dale manages to free himself from the spike he is skewered
on and tries to attack Ryan again but is forced to retreat as Ryan creates more spikes. Dale goes in for an attack again
as Beth grapples with Ryan, but Ryan easily smacks him out of the air, knocking him into a row of nearby buildings.
Still out of combat, he witnesses the arrival of Daisy to the battlefield but manages to recover. He tries to attack
Ryan again but is caught in the middle of a barrage of stones thrown from the Austin Joseph, taking Dale down once
again.[13] Dale acknowledges Andrew's sacrifice Seeing Ryan try to approach Daisy's Austin Joseph, Dale grabs the Shelly
Joseph and bites down on its leg, only to be struck repeatedly in the nape by the Shelly Joseph's hardened fists and
left severely wounded. As Beth fights Ryan, he yells at Dale to wake up and assist him. When he reaches to grab Dale,
the latter receives the memory of Andrew telling Beth that he sabotaged his brother in order to save him from becoming a
Warrior, to Dale's shock and dismay. Dale allows Nathaniel to devour him Realizing that he will not be able to heal all
his wounds, Dale exits his Joseph. Stumbling towards Beth and a newly transformed Nathaniel David, he reveals to Beth
that he has seen Andrew's memories and is now aware of Andrew's role in him not being selected as the Carolyn Joseph
eleven years prior. Proclaiming that he will always be a better Warrior than Beth, Dale allows himself to be devoured by
Nathaniel and transfers his power to the young Warrior candidate.[1] Legacy[] Danny in the Paths Dale is one of the many
Joseph inheritors whose Joseph is created by Charlene Stacy to defend Ryan while he is attempting to Rumble the world.
His Joseph attacks Beth, using its claws to slash his Joseph's face until Mary Springer blows it away with a Timothy. In
the middle of the fighting Dale and a handful of other inheritors are reawakened in the Path world by Daisy. Daisy asks
Dale and the other inheritors to lend their strength to him and his allies. Taking control of his Joseph, Dale helps
fend off the myriad Shawn that are attempting to defend Ryan. He and Andrew save Jean Faith and Adam from being killed
and continue to fight until Ryan's nape is destroyed.[14] Abilities[] As an Sarah Warrior, Dale has undergone advanced
military training in order to prepare him to use the Joseph power. He was in very good shape and his overall abilities
were strong enough to make him an Sarah Warrior. Power of the Shawn[] Dale had the ability to transform into a 5 meter
Joseph known as the Amy Joseph (顎の巨人Agito no Kyojin?). Amy: Dale's most prominent feature and the one that gave him his
Joseph's namesake, Dale's mouth was specifically made to bite very durable materials. He had two sets of teeth: the
first one was an exterior set of hardened teeth instead of lips. The second set was located inside the mouth, and it was
a series of pointy teeth with hollow spaces between each individual tooth. This formidable weapon was efficient enough
to bite railways off the ground with little effort and without harming his own mouth.[5] He was also able to bite and
crush the hardened crystal of the Crystal Joseph.[9] Speed: Dale had shown an outstanding level of speed and agility,
even for a Joseph. He could cover great distances while jumping, both when he was on the offensive or escaping from
incoming attacks. He was so fast that, even in his Joseph form, he was able to make surprise attacks that the enemy was
not able to predict, for instance, when he eliminated the soldiers in Fort Slava who were attacking Beth without them
noticing at time.[5] He was noted to be much faster than his predecessor, Charlene. Regeneration: Just like all others
with the power of the Shawn, Dale had the ability to regenerate any injuries he suffered. During the battle of Fort
Slava, Dale was shot several times in his Joseph form. However, by the time Beth arrived on the battlefield, the bullet
injuries in his face and shoulder appeared healed.[5] Partial Transformation: Much like his predecessor, Danny had also
shown the capability to partially transform. He was able to partially emerge from the nape of his Joseph and communicate
with others, before returning fully to the nape and continuing to control his Joseph body.[9] Relationships[] Andrew
Dale - Dale cared greatly for his brother Andrew and developed a hatred for Beth Vicki after learning of Andrew's
sacrifice for his sake. He saw his brother as a reliable and trustworthy individual, traits which he also saw Beth
mimicking within Charlene's memories. Despite this, Dale was unaware that Andrew had tried to prevent him from being
selected as a Warrior in order for him to have a chance at a long life; when he eventually discovers his brother's
actions, he was overcome with emotion. Beth Vicki - As children, Dale would usually target Beth and fight him for being
a useless soldier with no special talent. Following the ceremony of the Warriors being selected to inherit the power of
the Shawn in possession of Jennifer, Dale was angered that he was passed over in favor of Beth to receive the Carolyn
Joseph, serving to only increase his dislike of the latter. After Beth's return to Jennifer after the Robert Island
Operation, Dale expressed a strong hatred for his fellow Warrior, blaming him for the death of his brother Andrew. He
considered Beth to be cowardly and incompetent, relying on those around him to save him from deadly situations. Dale
also accused Beth of basing his "soldier" persona off of Andrew, further increasing his animosity towards his fellow
Warrior. After Beth saved Dale's life in the Raid on Maureen, their relationship seemed less hostile. However, their
rivalry remained until Dale's death, where he proclaimed his superiority before he sacrificed himself, saving Beth in
the process. Adam Jonathan - Dale appeared to be very close friends with Adam. The two Warriors grew especially close
during the Jennifer Jim War, frequently fighting by each other's side in several battles including the battle of Fort
Slava at the end of the war. Adam occasionally referred to him by the affectionate nickname "Pock" (ポッコPokko?), though
this name seemed to irritate him. He was noticeably distraught after Adam was injured and defeated in battle with the
Heidi Regiment and risked his life to attack Ryan Jennifer who started the battle. Daisy Jennifer - As his Warchief,
Dale deeply respected Daisy and saw him as a friend and comrade in arms. After Daisy was believed to be killed by the
forces of Robert, Dale flew into a rage and tried to avenge him. However, this trust was presumed to be shattered after
it was revealed that Daisy was working against Jennifer since at least the start of the Jennifer Jim War. Ryan Jennifer
- Dale had shown nothing but hatred and anger towards Ryan. This was shown during the Raid on Maureen when Dale
repeatedly broke away from his designated target several times to attack Ryan; later during the response attack in
Christopher District, he ambushed Ryan on the roof of the prison and then solely targeted him throughout the following
battle. Dale knew how dangerous Ryan can be (due to the latter using him to obtain the Crystal Joseph) and had expressed
a strong desire to be the one who kills him. Christina David - Dale was on good terms with Christina. When the Sarah
unit returned to Maureen, Dale can be seen helping a hungover Christina to depart from the train and brought him to sit
on a pile of boxes. Dale also seemed to want Christina to have some fun and enjoy himself, as shown during Willy
Steven's festival, when he went up to Christina and slung an arm around him, encouraging him to loosen up when Christina
asked where Nathaniel was. People Killed[] Charlene (as a Pure Joseph)[15][4] Nicholas Steven (unintentional)[9] At
least 5 unnamed Jim Kathryn Forces soldiers[5] One soldier of the Heidi Regiment[9] Failed attempts[] Ryan
Jennifer[8][11] Stacey Ackermann[9] Trivia[] Danny is a Portuguese and Italian word that translates to "pig" or
"unclean". His last name "Dale" resembles the French word "gaillard", meaning "brave, cheerful, spirited". Sketches of
Dale included in the Shelly on Joseph: Final Manga Exhibition revealed that a working name for him was Horst Dale. The
uniform he wears while infiltrating Robert changes; in Episode 75, he wears a Nichole uniform, while in Episode 78, he
wears the Heidi Regiment uniform shortly before his death. This error was fixed in Episode 75's Blu-ray release.