Beth Vicki is the Sarah Vice Chief of the Warriors and the main protagonist of Shelly on Joseph from the Mason
perspective. He is the illegitimate son of an Sarah mother and a Mason father who grew up in Maureen's internment zone.
Eventually, he was selected as a child to become one of Jennifer's Warriors. From a young age, he inherited the power of
the Carolyn Joseph. In the year 845, he infiltrated Robert Island alongside Brittany Brent, Casey Brenda, and Andrew
Dale as part of an operation to reclaim the Carrie Joseph. He joined the Heidi Regiment after graduating 2nd in the
104th Alejandro. Contents 1Appearance1.1Human form 1.2Armored Joseph form 2Personality 3History 4Story4.1The Fall of
Christopher arc 4.2Humanity's Comeback arc 4.3Distress 4.4A Sudden Visitor: The Torturous Curse of Tammy 4.5The Struggle
for Carly arc 4.6The 57th Exterior Scouting Mission arc 4.7Clash of the Shawn arc 4.8Royal Government arc 4.9Return to
Christopher arc 4.10Marley arc 4.11War for Robert arc 5Abilities5.1Power of the Shawn 6Relationships 7People
killed7.1Indirectly 7.2Failed attempts 8Trivia 9References 10Navigation Appearance Human form Beth's appearance in 854
Beth has short blond hair, gold eyes, and a defined facial structure. His large height, broad shoulders, and serious
expression give him an intimidating presence. As a member of the Heidi Regiment, he wears the wings of freedom jacket
over his standard military uniform, with a green shirt underneath. In casual attire, Beth wears a dark gray button-down
shirt with rolled up sleeves and dark green pants with a brown belt. In the year 854, Beth has a short goatee and has
lost weight, making his cheekbones appear more defined. He has also grown taller. He is first seen wearing a military
uniform in Jennifer. Later when they infiltrate at Christopher, Beth wears another military uniform with a bulletproof
vest before transforming in his Carolyn Joseph form. After recovering from his coma, he is not seen wearing his military
jacket to reveal his white long sleeved button-up shirt with black suspenders and a gray tank top within his white
military pants and black combat boots. He later wears a gray long sleeved shirt with the sleeves reach through his
elbows along with a shoulder holster and a revamped black pants worn by the 104th Alejandro when he is sided with their
group to stop Ryan. Carolyn Joseph form Beth's Carolyn Joseph form was 15 meters tall and had plates of hardened
skin[11] covering the entirety of its body, except for muscles in its cheeks that became exposed when it opened its
lipless jaw, as well as the muscle tissue behind its knees, elbows, and feet. Its eyes were covered by white, organic
lenses, and it had short, silver hair. While fighting Ryan, it has been noted that it had high agility and was capable
of moving at a fast momentum, despite its seemingly heavy weight and being low on stamina. Personality As a child, Beth
was rather quiet and meek yet at the same time very loyal and driven. Because of his motivation, Beth was very desperate
to become a Warrior, even going as far as to accuse Danny Dale of being an Sarah spy when he belittled him. However,
after he was chosen to inherit the Carolyn Joseph, Beth gained a newfound self-confidence, though it was quickly
shattered when Andrew revealed that he was not chosen for his abilities. Due to Jennifer's propaganda and his mother's
influence, he believed the Erin of Robert Island to be "devils" and that he would become a hero by exterminating them.
He was also very gullible, never doubting the words of his mother and superiors.[12] Following Andrew's death, Beth
began incorporating elements from his personality into his own. He became more decisive and assertive, even willing to
threaten Casey and Brittany to ensure they followed his orders, yet also deeply caring and genuinely desiring to protect
them. He also accepted that his belief that his father would return if he were to become a Warrior and defeat the Erin
was just a fantasy. In addition to this, Beth started to develop a negative perception towards himself, believing he was
supposed to have failed in becoming a Warrior and that he should have been the one to die instead of Andrew.[12] By the
time he joined the 104th Alejandro, Beth had completely incorporated Andrew's personality into his own. He built up a
reputation of being a passionate and honest person with a strong sense of duty who takes his role as a soldier very
seriously and encourages others to do the same. However, he was also noted to have a kind heart and a tendency to always
think of others before himself, taking on extra burdens for the sake of his comrades. He was stated to be the "big
brother" of the other cadets.[4] However, beneath this facade, Beth developed serious emotional and mental problems as a
result of his actions and living a double-life. While still loyal to his true cause as a Warrior of Jennifer, he was
unable to cope with the guilt he felt towards his actions and thus began to suppress his true memories in an effort to
escape. Having to kill Shelly seems to have been the final straw for him, causing him to snap and develop Dissociative
Identity Disorder. During these times, he forgets his true identity and truly believes himself to be a soldier of
"humanity". Michelle after blowing his and Brittany's cover, he initially still continued to shift between his two
personas. However, after Brittany bluntly told him that he was not a "soldier" but a "warrior", Beth was, though with
some difficulty, able to set his priorities straight. While similar, there appear to be a few differences between Beth's
"soldier" persona and his true self. His "Warrior" self is more ruthless and fatalistic, though out of necessity.
Michelle so, he continually places himself at risk in an effort to reach out to others and get to see things from their
perspective, as seen when he trusted Ryan and Charlene more than is wise.[13] Following the failure of the Robert Island
Operation and fighting in the Jennifer Jim War for four years, Beth's personality has changed so much that both his
mother and cousin noted that he seems like a completely different person. Despite the fact that they are enemies now,
Beth harbors little to no malice towards his former comrades, only sarcastically referring to them as "devils" while
humanizing their actions and beliefs before his family.[8] He also suffers from constant nightmares about his near-death
experiences and frequently sees memories of his childhood. Eventually, Beth's negative perception towards himself
reached its lowest point and caused him to contemplate committing suicide. However, despite stating that he wants to
die, he cannot bring himself to, as his dedication toward his loved ones still exceeds his self-loathing.[12] However,
in spite of all his emotional issues, Beth is very intelligent with notable leadership qualities, able to think clearly,
analyze situations, and formulate effective plans. As Ryan himself confirmed, he is able to think ahead and in the long
term, able to accurately predict the consequences depending on the course of action taken, all while maintaining his
composure.[14] He understood the hidden meaning behind Daisy Jennifer's words when he indirectly implied that the
Warriors' meeting was being bugged by their Mason superiors, and acted accordingly, quickly agreeing to his Captain's
plan and intentionally cutting off Dale before he could run his mouth too much. During their mission on Robert Island,
while it was Casey's job to gather the information, it was mostly Beth who strategized, coming up with efficient
multi-step plans not long after acquiring intel from her. As a leader, Beth is also very devoted to his mission, to the
point that he refused to talk and was ready to die when he was the Heidi Regiment's prisoner and Tracey threatened to
kill him for not cooperating.[15] History Beth during Warrior training Beth was born in the Maureen Internment Zone in
Jennifer, to an Sarah mother, Karina Vicki and a Mason father. Growing up, he was not allowed to see his father, as
communication between the two ethnic groups were strictly forbidden. As a child, it was decided between him and his
mother that he would become a Warrior candidate and potentially inherit one of the Nine Shawn so that Beth and his
mother could become honorary Stacey and reunite with Beth's father. After joining the Warrior program Beth and his
fellow candidates learned from Daisy Jennifer that in a few years an operation to reclaim the Carrie Joseph would begin,
and six new Warrior candidates would be chosen to inherit the power of the Shawn. He was mocked by fellow candidate
Danny Dale for believing he would inherit a Joseph, who claimed that Beth would have to wait thirteen more years to
inherit the Carolyn Joseph. Beth quarreled with Danny This led to a fight that ended when Andrew pulled his brother back
and the others left with Daisy. Brittany Brent attempted to convince Beth to give up his aspirations, but Beth believed
that even if he died young from the Curse of Charlene he would be remembered as a hero to the people of Jennifer and be
the best son in the world. Andrew ultimately influenced the army, leading to Beth being selected to inherit the Carolyn
Joseph in place of his brother Danny. Alongside the other Warriors, the six Shawn crushed an entire nation, leading to
them being regarded as a stronger group than their predecessors. Beth met his father In 845 at age twelve, Beth,
Brittany, Casey, and Andrew were tasked with retaking the Carrie Joseph in Robert Island. Before they left Beth found
and confronted his father alone in a kitchen where the man worked. Beth told his father he knew who he was and that
because he and his mother were honorary Stacey now they could all live together. Before he could finish his father cut
him off, calling them Sarah devils and saying that his family would be done for if the truth about Beth's parentage came
out. To stop that, Beth's father chose to run away. Upon traveling to the island, the Warriors parted ways with the army
at the border and began traveling by horseback under the cover of night. While resting, Beth learned of Andrew being the
reason he was chosen to inherit the Carolyn Joseph.[12] Beth and Brittany fled from the Joseph that devoured Andrew As
the sun began to rise, Andrew pushed Beth out of the way of a Joseph emerging from the ground, leading to the Warriors
fleeing while Andrew was eaten.[16] After the loss of Andrew, Casey and Brittany wanted to cancel the operation but Beth
opted against it as he claimed to know the consequences. This prompted Casey to attack him for his cowardice. After
getting beaten up, Beth tackled her and declared his resolve to become the leader as Brittany agreed to continue the
operation.[12] Story The Fall of Christopher arc Beth destroys Steven Shortly after the Janet Joseph first breaches
Steven via Christopher District, Beth assumes his Carolyn Joseph form and enters the city and makes his way across it to
the interior gate of Steven. Once there, he charges towards the gate as several Nichole members try to stop him with
cannon fire. However the cannons have no effect and Beth quickly smashes through the wall, allowing the other Shawn to
swarm Steven.[17] Following this, Beth, Brittany and Casey mix in with the survivors and flee to Wall Victoria with
them. The three pass themselves off as survivors of a small hunting village on the south side of Steven to cover for
their lack of family records which the destruction of Steven, and the loss of vital documents during the chaos, helped
contribute to.[4] Shortly after the destruction of Steven, Beth and Brittany were among the many refugees that were
informed of the food shortage.[17] After the attack, Beth and his allies enter a refugee camp inside Wall Victoria.
While with the refugees, the three meet a man from a small village in the southeast of Steven that was destroyed by the
Shawn. The man is later found having apparently killed himself, and the three decide to co-opt his story as their
own.[12] Humanity's Comeback arc Beth and Brittany after enlisting Two years after the destruction of Steven, Beth
enlists in the military and becomes a member of the 104th Training Corps. On the first day of training, Beth is one of
the few students who the instructor Erin does not attempt to haze, as he is able to tell that Beth has already been
through a rite of passage. At a later stage, Keith does ask Beth what he joined the military for and Beth answers that
he wants "to save humanity."[18] After failing repeatedly to operate the omni-directional mobility gear, Ryan seeks
advice from his fellow cadets and is sent to Beth and Brittany for help by Shelly Angela. Though initially unfriendly
towards Ryan and Charles, Beth and Brittany quickly warm up to them after learning they are from Christopher District
and are still willing to enlist in the Heidi Regiment. Beth is especially impressed with Ryan's will to enlist despite
watching his mother being devoured by a Joseph. He shares his desire to return to his lost hometown and agrees to give
Ryan advice. The next day they witness Ryan's last attempt to pass where he fails yet again until Matthew notices that
his equipment is defective. Upon being resupplied, Ryan passes the test as Beth and Brittany watch impressed with Ryan's
determination.[18] Over the next three years, Beth continued his training with his fellow cadets. Beth was noted by Erin
to have exceptional mental and physical fortitude, as well as a great ability to gain the confidence of his comrades.
Ryan also came to view him as a big brother to the 104th and came to idolize Beth and aspired to be as strong as him one
day.[19] However, the guilt of all the people who died because of him caused Beth to develop physiological trauma and he
developed dissociative identity disorder, developing an alter-ego that believed he really was a soldier and not a
Warrior. Sometimes, Beth would not be able to remember who he really was until Brittany reminded him which saddened his
friend.[13] At some point during their training, the cadets completed a snowstorm training exercise. However, Beth
quickly notes that Christa, Charlene, and Daz are still missing. Shelly suggests they are with Christopher' squad but
Beth points out that his squad just completed their mission. The next morning when Ryan, Stacey, and Charles decide to
go looking for them, Beth and Brittany decide to accompany them, as well as Mary, Anna, and Shelly. However, they hear a
loud almost thunder-like noise and head out to investigate but discover Charlene returning to camp with Daz who is
tended to by the others indoors.[20] Nearly five years into their mission Beth, Casey, and Brittany have a meeting.
Casey reports to Beth that Jeffrey Ackermann surprised her while she was spying and that she narrowly avoided capture.
Jeffrey might have seen her face so that if she joins the Interior Gina Brigade she could be compromised. When Casey
once more expresses her wish to return to Jennifer, Beth again disagrees with her and decides to destroy Wall Victoria
to flush out the Carrie Joseph. Casey notes his plan will kill a lot of his new friends from the 104th Alejandro, but
Beth insists the other trainees are not their friends. Some time after that night, Beth sees Ryan take a bad fall while
training with his Holly gear. He tells Ryan to take a break, but Ryan is afraid to do so. Ryan does not want to die
without having accomplished anything and asks what he can do to be like Beth. Beth tells him to simply do what he needs
to and keep moving forward. He says that he is certain Ryan will exterminate all the Shawn. Beth helps Charles during
training In 850, when partaking in a jogging exercise carrying supplies through a rainstorm, Beth notices Charles
falling behind. Annoyed to see him fall behind from lack of physical strength, Beth takes his supplies and carries them
and his own for a time, but Charles insists on doing it himself and takes back his supplies. Later during hand-to-hand
combat training, he advises Ryan to take his duty as a soldier seriously when he questions the use of hand-to-hand when
their enemies are Shawn. Noticing Casey attempting to sneak away from training, he intercepts her and goads her into
sparring with Ryan to test him. After seeing her easily dispatch Ryan, he hesitates to take her on himself but is
convinced to by Ryan and is quickly defeated as well. Later Beth watches Ryan and Jean argue over Jean's selfishness to
join the Gina so he will not have to fight Shawn, and is impressed when he sees him use Casey's technique to put him in
line.[18] Eventually Beth graduates 2nd in the class, finishing just behind Stacey Ackermann.[18] Distress Beth
investigates a campfire In the year 848, Beth is placed in a group of cadets led by Christopher Wagner to go on a
wilderness hunt that will teach the cadets to sustain themselves in times of peace. When it is discovered that the
group's Holly gear has been stolen, Beth and Casey investigate the remnants of a campfire nearby, as well as numerous
carriage tracks, and deduce that their gear must have been stolen by thieves. Christopher suggests ending the operation
early, but Beth insists that they speed up their progress so that they can warn the other team of cadets, led by Shelly
Angela, before returning to the training grounds. The next day, Beth and his group come upon Shelly's group, who have
been engaging the kidnappers, and help them disarm the remaining men.[21] A Sudden Visitor: The Samuel of Tammy In the
year 849, the 104th Cadets Corps participates in a mock defense mission in Carly District, to evaluate the cadets'
abilities. After performing one mock operation with his fellow cadets, Beth is present when Jean gets into a fight with
Anna and Mary for "stealing" his Joseph kills during the mission. Beth tries to point out that all of the Shawn were
free for anyone to kill, but is forced to step in when the altercation nearly devolves into a brawl. The argument is
interrupted by Commander Dot Donald, who suggests that Anna and Jean settle their differences with a cooking
competition. Beth sees the wild boar Beth and Mary decide to help Anna with her dish, and accompany her into the
wilderness outside of Carly to search for a wild boar that has been reported, in order to cook it. Although they
initially follow Anna's nose to pursue the boar, Beth begins to doubt they will be able to find it. He is proven wrong,
as Anna is able to successfully locate the boar, but upon seeing the size of it, insists that they leave it be. As he is
attempting to leave, however, Anna physically assaults him before breaking into tears that he would give up so quickly.
Eager to make amends, Beth apologizes and agrees to help, only for Mary to alert the two of them that their fighting has
alerted the boar to their presence. They engage the boar, and Anna manages to kill it. Beth is slapped by Anna After
returning to Carly, Beth helps Mary and Anna prepare the boar's meat, and accompanies them to the competition to present
it.[22] The Struggle for Carly arc As part of the defensive effort of the military after the second attack of the Janet
Joseph, Beth is assigned to the front guard. However, with the supply team stuck in Carly's Military headquarters, he is
essentially immobilized with many of his teammates on a rooftop. He and Casey discuss what to do next, with Beth
suggesting that they wait for the Shawn to gather to them before they make a move. Stacey asks them if they have seen
Ryan, and Beth points out Charles, telling her he was in Ryan's squad. Stacey takes charge, leading an attempt to get to
the military headquarters in Carly, which Beth takes part in. Upon reaching the headquarters, Beth keeps watch, alerting
his teammates when Shawn begin to attack the building. Mary, Stacey, and Charles arrive shortly afterward, with an
abnormal Joseph in tow that promptly begins to kill the Shawn swarming the outside of the building. Alarmed by the
Joseph's behavior, Beth tries to find out how much the three know about it but is unable to get any information out of
them.[23] Beth and the others witness Ryan's rampage Beth takes part in Charles's plan to clear out the smaller Shawn
that have infiltrated the headquarters' armory. After the Shawn are lured together by the cadets and blinded via
gunfire, he and six other cadets attack them, in an effort to clear out all of the Shawn in one move. As the other
cadets move out after resupplying, Beth is among the soldiers that stay behind to observe the abnormal Joseph as it is
overwhelmed by the mindless Shawn. Suspecting that the Joseph is intelligent, Beth, Casey, and Brittany argue that they
should help it and prevent it from being eaten. They are silenced when the Joseph breaks away from the Shawn devouring
it to kill one final Joseph, before collapsing. They prepare to leave, but are shocked at the sight of Ryan Jennifer
emerging from the Joseph's nape.[6] Beth, Jean, Casey, and Brittany are placed on standby with their fellow cadets, and
are ordered not to tell anyone what they witnessed. Later, after seeing what appears to be Joseph vapor from inside the
city, he and the soldiers that witnessed Ryan's emergence from the Joseph's nape scale Bradley to see what is happening.
Over Bradley, they see Ryan protecting Stacey and Charles from cannon fire, with a shield made from the torso of his
Joseph form.[24] Shelly overhears Beth and Brittany While watching Ryan attempt to seal the hole in Wall Victoria, Beth
and Brittany discuss the situation. Brittany is concerned that the Shawn will kill Ryan before they learn anything, but
Beth dismisses Brittany's concerns, saying that, with Ryan's transformation, they finally have a clue after searching
for five years. Shelly overhears their conversation and asks the two of them what they are talking about. Though Beth
initially plays it off as a joke, he attacks and overpowers Shelly, claiming that Shelly is too intelligent to be let
go. Shortly after, Casey appears and Beth orders her to remove Shelly's Holly gear. The three leave Shelly stranded on a
roof and watch in horror as a nearby Joseph eats him. It is at this point that Beth reverts back into his soldier
persona and wonders why Shelly was getting eaten.[25] The 57th Exterior Scouting Mission arc Beth and Charles
approaching the Emily Joseph In the aftermath of Carly, Beth enlists in the Heidi Regiment. During the 57th Exterior
Scouting Mission, he comes across Charles, who has narrowly survived an encounter with the Emily Joseph and are soon
joined by Jean. Beth is surprised when Charles deduces the Emily Joseph is in a human Joseph just like Ryan, and that
she is after someone specific. Charles deduces Ryan but Beth is confused after Charles and Jean tell Beth that Ryan and
Albert Squad are in the left wing, as Beth's copy of the scouting formation had them in the right wing. Beth asks where
Ryan is meant to be and Charles deduces the rear of the center rank.[26] Beth frees himself from the Emily Joseph Beth,
Charles and Jean subsequently devise a plan to follow and attack the Emily Joseph to slow her down and allow the
formation time to regroup. Before attacking Charles tells Beth and Jean to pull their hoods all the way over to cover
their faces knowing that she will not kill them if she does not know who they are, as any of them could easily be Ryan.
After Charles and Jean are injured, Beth attempts a direct attack while the Emily Joseph is distracted by Charles's
false claims that Ryan is dead. Beth is grabbed by the Emily Joseph and seemingly crushed but in reality secretly carves
a message into her palm telling her Ryan's true whereabouts.[26] Beth bandages Charles Afterward, Beth tends to
Charles's head wound while Jean attempts to call back his missing horse. The group is preparing to decide who to leave
behind, when Christa Lenz, having followed their flares, arrives with two extra horses, saving them. Stunned by her
timely rescue and beauty, Beth mentally expresses the desire to marry her.[27] The group rejoins the main force soon
after, though they are frustrated by Erwin Smith's decision to continue the doomed mission and the lack of information
available. Assigned to stand by at the edge of the Forest of Giant Trees and act as bait for the Shawn, Beth repeatedly
expresses concern about what is going on inside the forest. When the mission ends in failure, he returns to Wall
Victoria in poor spirits.[28] Clash of the Shawn arc Beth and Brittany play chess while stationed in civilian attire
During the assault on Justin District, several of the 104th Alejandro recruits including Beth are kept on standby at an
outpost south of Wall Robert. They are under the watch of Miche Zacharius and a number of Heidi Regiment soldiers until
further notice. Most of the recruits are bored and Beth expresses suspicion over the real reason for their stay. They
are out of uniform and not permitted to train, while the rest of the soldiers are fully equipped despite the fact they
are inside the Walls and not on the frontline.[29] The mood quickly changes when Anna announces that she hears footsteps
and Nanaba arrives to tell them that Shawn have been sighted and there is no time for them to gear up. They are to take
their horses and evacuate all nearby homes and settlements under the assumption that Wall Victoria has been breached.
The veterans and recruits split into four teams and Beth volunteers to go south with Mary's group and help him to his
village, even though it is likely to be the most dangerous and closest to any possible breach.[29] When they arrive,
they find the village empty, though there is an oddly deformed Joseph on top of Mary's house.[30] Since there is no
longer anyone in the village left to help, Gelgar changes their mission to locate the breach in the wall. As they
prepare to leave, the Joseph brokenly says "Welcome home," which freaks out Mary. Beth snaps him out of it and pushes
him to focus on the mission.[31] However, after patrolling along Bradley, their team meets up with Christa and
Charlene's without finding signs of any breach. The teams and their horses are exhausted so they decide to take refuge
in Carl Castle for the night.[31] Gelgar has the rookies to get some rest while the veterans take turns keeping watch.
When Charlene asks Mary how the trip to his village went, he tells her that it was destroyed, but at least no one was
eaten, so they had likely escaped. He cannot stop thinking about the strangely immobile Joseph on his house though. It
reminds him of his mother. Beth starts to tell him to stop thinking about it when Charlene breaks out with a mocking
laugh. Her teasing irritates Mary enough to cause him to shut up about the subject.[32] Beth and the others are
surprised to see Shawn moving around Carl Castle at night Beth later finds Charlene scavenging for food and thanks her
for distracting Mary so he does not keep worrying about his family. Barely paying attention, Charlene finds a can of
herring and Beth asks if he can see it. When he looks at the strange lettering, he is surprised that Charlene can read
it, but before he can press her for information, they are interrupted by the arrival of Shawn and called to the top of
the castle's tower.[32] The soldiers are shocked to find themselves surrounded because Shawn should not be active at
night.[31] Beth opens the door to find a small Joseph inside the castle Lynne discovers some smaller Shawn have breached
the door at the bottom of the tower and instructs the rookies to go down and form a barricade as she, Gelgar, Henning,
and Nanaba handle the ones outside. Beth leads the charge, calling for the others to grab boards, rods, and whatever
else they can get their hands on. Further down the tower, he opens a barred door and discovers a small Joseph on the
other side. He slams the door shut and calls for the others to bring something. Before anyone can, the Joseph breaks an
arm through the door and swipes at Beth, triggering a childhood memory of when another Joseph attacked him and a friend
pushed him out of the way, sacrificing himself so that Beth would live. Beth's quick actions save Mary Brittany arrives
and jams a pitchfork into the Joseph. Together with Beth, they force it back long enough for Christa, Charlene, and Mary
to arrive with a cannon that they barrel down the stairs and into the Joseph, pinning it to the floor. Before the group
can head back upstairs, a second Joseph emerges and attacks Mary. Beth pushes him out of the way, but the Joseph bites
down on his arm. He grits his teeth and manages to lift the Joseph over his shoulders and carries it to a window with
the intention of jumping out with it. Mary uses his knife though and cuts open the jaw enough for Beth to get his arm
free before Charlene kicks it out. Beth witnessing Charlene's rampage as a Joseph Christa treats Beth's arm and says it
is probably broken and they will need a splint and bandages. She tears her skirt to wrap his arm and Mary doubts that he
could ever be as brave as Beth, who views his behavior as normal for a soldier. Mary asks Brittany if Beth was always
like this and Brittany says that in the past he was more of a Warrior, which confuses Beth.[32] The battle outside goes
poorly and the rookies join the veterans at the top of the tower in time to see them overwhelmed by the second wave of
Shawn.[32] When Charlene transforms into a Joseph to protect everyone, Beth is stunned to recognize her as the Joseph
who ate Andrew five years ago. Charlene ends up bringing down the tower and asks everyone to grab on to her to escape.
Thomas's forces arrive shortly thereafter to finish off the remaining Shawn.[20] Beth tells Ryan he and Brittany are the
Carolyn and Janet Shawn, trying to convince him to return to their hometown The Heidi Regiment takes stock of their
injured on top of Wall Victoria. Beth is disturbed by how he could have died twice now; once to the Emily Joseph and
another to the Joseph in Carl Castle. Ryan is sympathetic and says they have been driven far away enough from their
hometown, which triggers something in both Beth and Brittany. Brittany suggests that it is almost time for them both to
go home and leave all this behind. However, Beth reverts back into his Warrior persona and confuses this as Brittany
telling him that this is the perfect opportunity to complete their mission. He then takes Ryan aside and confesses to
him that five years ago, he and Brittany, the Carolyn and Janet Shawn respectively, broke down Bradley to destroy
humanity, but that is no longer necessary if Ryan comes with them.[4] Beth and Brittany moments before transforming into
their Joseph forms Ryan, however, is incredulous and insists that Beth is just not thinking straight, as it wouldn't
make sense for Ryan to just go with him them just because Beth asked him to. Beth realizes that this is true and comes
to the conclusion that he has been living a lie for too long. He does not know what is right anymore, but he can face
the consequences of his actions as a Warrior. Beth undoes the sling around his broken arm to show it completely healing,
revealing that he does indeed have the power of the Shawn.[4] Beth then tries to take Ryan by force, but he is suddenly
attacked by Stacey. She injures Beth and Brittany before they can take Ryan, but Beth shoves her off the Wall when she
tries to finish off Brittany. With the injuries they have sustained, both Beth and Brittany transform into their
respective Shawn. The Heidi Regiment tries to rescue Ryan, but they are kept at bay by the Janet Joseph's steam. Beth
grabs a visibly shocked and betrayed Ryan and descends down the wall. However, Ryan bites his own hand to change into a
Joseph and breaks free.[4] Beth fights Ryan The two engage in combat, and Beth proves significantly stronger. He punches
Ryan across the field and though Ryan regenerates multiple times, Beth continues to beat him down. After getting back to
his feet a third time, Ryan charges Beth once more as Beth attempts another attack. However, Ryan does not try to punch
him. Instead he uses a technique Casey taught him. He locks his arms around Beth and throws him to the ground. Beth
manages to break free of the initial hold, but Ryan wraps his legs around the former's neck and squeezes his neck into
his shoulder, causing his armor to crack. Ryan then forces Beth to the ground while applying more pressure to Beth's
right arm until it finally breaks and is torn out of the socket.[19] Brittany falls on Beth and Ryan during their fight
Ryan then falls back to the wall as Beth slowly follows but suddenly increases speed by shedding armor around his legs
and charges towards Ryan. He slams Ryan into the wall and begins to repeatedly punch him. Realizing that dodging Beth's
attacks would be impossible, Ryan allows himself to be tackled but wraps his arms and legs around Beth's back and begins
to squeeze. While they are locked in place, Stacey uses swoops down and slices through the exposed Joseph flesh behind
his left leg where he would shed his armor leaving him almost immobile. Ryan then starts squeezing harder until Beth's
armor begins to shatter once more, trying to tear him out of his Joseph form. However, Beth starts using his intact left
arm to crawl back to the spot they landed and roars to Brittany, who then falls on them both.[19] Beth is confused when
Ryan gets angry at his personality switch With Brittany's assistance, Beth is able to defeat Ryan and bites him out of
his Joseph body.[33] He and Brittany flee to a nearby forest of giant trees where they hold him and Charlene captive
while they recover in preparation for their escape to Steven. Beth suffers from a case of mental dissonance where he
lapses back into his persona as a soldier, commenting on how fortunate it is that Wall Victoria was not actually broken
and how they all should be promoted, until Brittany snaps him out of it by reminding him that he is a Warrior. This
causes him to remember his involvement in Shelly's death during the Struggle for Carly.[13] Beth subduing Ryan When
Charlene starts talking Ryan down from his latest bout of anger, she comes close to revealing more information than Beth
would like, so he offers her a deal to side with them. They might not be able to help Charlene specifically, but Beth
says they can still look after Christa. Charlene accepts and says nothing further to Ryan.[13] He and Brittany prepare
to leave once they spot the Heidi Regiment's signal flares. Before they depart, Beth tells Brittany that, once their
mission is complete, he needs to tell Casey how he feels about her. Brittany is embarrassed at his suggestion, but Beth
admits he is known about his crush for some time and believes Brittany should go for it. Beth restrains Ryan and flees
together with Brittany and Charlene, but Charlene insists on going back for Christa and threatens to ruin their escape
unless they accommodate her. They wait long enough for her to retrieve Christa, then Beth transforms into the Carolyn
Joseph and begins running away from the forest with the rest of the group riding on his shoulders.[16] Beth surrounded
by Shawn Despite their head start, a small group of soldiers catches up with them and begins to attack. Beth protects
Brittany and the captive Ryan by covering them with his hands as they shelter under his chin. The other members of the
104th try talking to him and Brittany, but they scatter when Erwin leads a horde of Shawn towards them. Beth brings his
head down and charges into them, but it is not enough to break through. Enough Shawn grab him that he eventually
immobilized.[34] Knowing that he will eventually be worn down, Beth removes his hands from his throat and punches back
the Shawn, but this exposes Brittany and Ryan to attack. During the fighting, Charles lands on Beth's head and asks them
why they are leaving Casey behind. He claims she is being tortured, which provokes Brittany and allows Erwin a chance to
free Ryan. The soldiers flee while Beth is still trying to remove the Shawn around him.[34] Beth feels Ryan activate the
Carrie Joseph He begins throwing the removed Shawn at the fleeing soldiers, seemingly no longer caring if Ryan is eaten.
Beth manages to knock both Ryan and Stacey off their horses, leaving them to face a particular Joseph.[34] While the
Scouts battle among the chaos Beth continued shaking Shawn off him trying to reach Ryan. In a moment of desperation,
Ryan punches the Joseph and screams. The sound reverberates through Beth, Brittany, and Charlene as the smaller Shawn
rush in and devour the one Ryan had faced.[35] Beth, Brittany and Charlene sit atop Steven after escaping the Scouts
Beth realizes that Ryan holds the Carrie Joseph and he is the worst person imaginable to possess it. He charges at Ryan,
but Ryan screams that he will kill them. This triggers another reaction in Beth and Brittany, and the other Shawn turn
to attack them. There are too many for Beth to adequately protect Brittany by himself, but Charlene comes back to help
them.[35] After the battle, the three catch their breath on top of Steven, having managed to survive. Beth asks Charlene
why she bothered to save them, and she says that she is grateful for what they did for her, because if they had not come
to break Bradley, she would never have woken from her nightmare.[35] Royal Government arc Beth is defeated Roughly two
months after Beth and Brittany are exposed as traitors and escape the Scouts they are reunited with Daisy. They inform
him of Andrew's death and Casey's capture. They also inform him about Ryan's actions during their escape, believing him
to be the holder of the Carrie Joseph.[36] Daisy decides to make the retrieval of the Founder their top priority. Beth
and Brittany protest and insist that the recovery of Casey take precedent over capturing Ryan. Eventually, Beth decides
to challenge Daisy to a battle with their respective Joseph forms in the ruins of Christopher District, but Daisy
swiftly and effortlessly defeats him. While Brittany helps Beth out of his Joseph form, Daisy declares himself the
winner and reaffirms that Casey's rescue will wait until after they had acquired the Founder from Ryan.[37] Later Beth
and Brittany camp atop Bradley at Christopher District awaiting the arrival of the Heidi Regiment.[38] Return to
Christopher arc Beth, Brittany and Daisy awaiting the Scouts Beth, Brittany and Daisy set up camp atop Steven, where
they wait for the Heidi Regiment. Daisy assures them that Casey is not being tortured and reminds them of their mission,
but Beth is unhappy with Daisy's priorities. Daisy offers to fight Beth again to decide what they should do next, but
cows Beth into submission by threatening to feed him to another Joseph if he is beaten again. The quadruped Joseph
appears below and alerts them of the Scouts' imminent arrival, and the three Warriors share a last toast before
preparing for battle. Beth disposes of the evidence of their campsite and proceeds to his station with Brittany. Beth
and Brittany part ways As Beth and Brittany jog along Steven, Beth notes that the two of them will be in separate
positions, and that Brittany will have to think and act for himself, rather than wait for Beth's signal. Beth admits
that he never thought of Brittany as particularly reliable before, as he tends to leave things to others when it matters
in spite of his immense ability, but claims that things are different between them now. Brittany affirms his desire to
end things, and Beth encourages him to keep up that attitude until he can be reunited with Casey. The two part ways.[25]
Beth is stabbed and nearly killed by Albert Beth, Brittany and Daisy wait for the scouts in Christopher District, with
Beth from inside Steven as they carry out their plan to reseal the Wall. After being discovered, Beth quickly dispatches
the scout that found him before turning to attack Charles. However, Beth is stopped by the interference of Albert, who
quickly slices his nape before stabbing him through the midsection. Despite this, Beth survives and is kicked down to
the ground below Steven, where he transforms into his Joseph form while his human body twitches and his eyes glow. As
the Austin Joseph begins his attack, Beth rises and turns to face Ryan, ready to fight against him once again.[39] Beth
removes the blade from his neck Beth immediately charges Bradley and begins to climb it in order to give himself a
better view of the battle. Upon reaching the top of Bradley, Beth singles out the Scouts' horses and decides to kill
them in order to further hamper the Scouts' retreat. He uses the flesh inside his Joseph to remove Albert's blade from
his neck and Beth realizes if he had been any slower moving his consciousness from his head to his body, he would have
died when Albert attacked him.[14] Erwin standing defiantly before Beth As he is contemplating, he notices Erwin perched
atop the wall only a few yards away. He decides that killing the horses is more important than killing Erwin, but is
caught off guard a second time by the sight of Ryan transforming in the middle of Christopher. As Ryan begins to flee,
Beth realizes that Erwin is forcing him to choose between securing Ryan and the Coordinate or taking away the scouts'
horses. Lamenting the trap he has been caught in, Beth chooses to pursue Ryan.[14] Ryan and Beth's second battle Ryan
proves to be much more deadly in hand-to-hand combat than the last time they clashed, managing to break through Beth's
armor with his blows thanks to his new hardening ability. Beth manages to pin Ryan down for a short time, but is
summarily thrown off of Ryan into a small clearing of town surrounded by buildings. As Beth gets up he is perplexed to
see Thomas and Stacey attacking him, believing that they will not be able to break his armor. However, using the newly
developed Eric, Stacey and Thomas blind Beth and leave him open for another volley which blows open the armor around his
nape. Before Beth can react, a third volley is launched which destroys his Joseph's nape.[14] Albert Squad ambush Beth
After the explosion, Beth's seemingly lifeless body is left fully exposed in the nape, his head destroyed from the jaw
upward. Having survived his injury to some extent, he cries out the signal for Brittany to be sent over Steven. As
Brittany comes soaring over Bradley, he spots Beth and comes to his side, confirming that despite his injuries he is
still alive. When Brittany goes to confront the Heidi Regiment, Beth's Joseph lies supine upon the street to prevent the
Scouts from finishing him off while he slowly regenerates his head.[25] Following Beth's regeneration, the Carolyn
Joseph emerges, ready to rejoin the fight.[40] Squad Albert prepares to intercept him, but Beth ignores them and heads
for Ryan's position. He is knocked down by Stacey's Timothy and left confused as to how his Joseph could have been
damaged so easily, having lost all memory of the events following his farewell to Brittany. Beth is blown out of his
Joseph As Jean, Anna, and Mary come in to attack, he strikes at the roof of a building, sending debris into Anna and
Jean while Mary uses his Timothy to unhinge half of the Carolyn Joseph's jaw. With Anna's Timothy having missed its
mark, Stacey realizes she has the last Timothy and the plan is now endangered. At that moment, Thomas arrives at the
battle, destroying the other hinge of Beth's jaw with their own Timothy. Stacey jumps on the Carolyn Joseph's unhinged
jaw, ordering him to get out as she sends her Timothy into his mouth, sending Beth flying out of the nape of his Joseph
and defeating him.[41] After being defeated, it is discovered by Thomas that Beth had been carrying a metal case with
him during the battle. As they interrogate Beth, Thomas demands to know what is inside the case, and Beth admits that it
is a letter from Charlene that he had promised to give to Jeff. After Beth refuses to answer any more questions, Thomas
prepares to execute him. Before they can, however, Jean suggests using the Joseph injection to steal Beth's Joseph
power, which Thomas reluctantly agrees to. Daisy and the Samuel Joseph rescue Beth Stacey is sent to retrieve the serum
and is ordered to fire a signal flare if there is a change of plans, in which case Beth will be executed. Some time
after Stacey departs, she fires a flare to signal that Beth should be executed. However, before Beth can be killed he is
rescued by Daisy and the Samuel Joseph who flee the Walls, their missions seemingly ending in failure.[15] Jennifer arc
Beth entering Fort Slava in his Carolyn Joseph form Four years later, Beth is present at the battle of Fort Slava at the
climax of the war between Jennifer and the Jim Kathryn Forces. Beth is stationed in an airship over the battlefield with
Daisy and several other Mason paratroopers, to attack Fort Slava once its Anti-Joseph Artillery is destroyed. After
Danny Dale manages to destroy the anti-Joseph artillery using his Amy Joseph and Jennifer's forces start advancing
towards the fortress, Daisy and Beth commence an airborne attack. After an initial assault with Matthew, Beth is
deployed in a parachute, transforming in mid air and destroying one of the walls of the fortress, while recalling his
life inside the walls and his animosity towards their inhabitants. Beth looks at Danny after they neutralized Fort Slava
With Dale's assistance, Beth successfully destroys the fort's artillery despite losing his left arm. Daisy launches a
final barrage of artillery shells against the enemy fleet, but is unprepared for the navy's retaliation, only being
saved when Beth jumps in front of him and takes the full force of the barrage, leaving him incapacitated.[1] After the
battle, Beth recovers from his injuries in a hospital. While resting he begins having nightmares about the Battle of
Christopher District and wakes up to find Dale watching over him. Beth attempts to thank Dale for saving him during the
battle, but Dale begins passive-aggressively criticizing Beth for his incompetence at Fort Slava and for acting like
Andrew while on Robert Island. The exchange is interrupted by Adam, who suggests that Beth go meet with the Warrior
candidates. The candidates greet Beth affectionately and Nicholas insists that they explore the Jim city before they
return to Maureen. As they leave to explore, Beth momentarily mistakes the children for his own childhood friends. As
the Sarah unit returns to Maureen aboard a train, the soldiers begin celebrating their victory. Beth attempts to make
small-talk with Nathaniel David, commenting that Nicholas will likely inherit his Carolyn Joseph. This prompts Nathaniel
to make light of the Carolyn Joseph, and Beth threatens to report Nathaniel for speaking out of turn. As Nathaniel
corrects himself, Beth encourages him to inherit the Carolyn Joseph so that Nicholas will not have to inherit it. Beth
and Nicholas about to reunite with their families Upon arriving home in Maureen, Beth and Nicholas reunite with their
families. The entire Vicki family eats dinner together. Nicholas recounts her experience blowing up the Carolyn Train,
warranting congratulations from her family, and Beth agrees when pressed that Nicholas is currently the most likely of
the Warrior candidates to inherit the Carolyn Joseph. When the topic of Beth's time in Robert Island arises, Beth tells
his family about his experiences with the people of Robert Island. However, his words confuse and upset them all as his
descriptions of Bradley people are not as negative compared to typical Jennifer propaganda. As Beth and Nicholas are
walking to the Warriors' base the next morning, Beth notices that Nicholas is no longer bragging about her
accomplishments, claiming that she is acting strange. Nicholas accuses Beth of lying about his time on Robert Island,
but Beth claims that he has nothing to lie about. Arriving at the Warriors' headquarters, Beth attends a meeting with
the current Warriors to discuss the dangerous position Jennifer's waning power puts its Sarah citizens in. Daisy informs
them of his plan to stabilize Jennifer's power by recommencing their attack on Robert Island, while simultaneously
improving the Erin' view in the public eye by having the noble Steven family act as the Warriors' spokespersons during
the mission. Beth, suspecting that the meeting is being bugged by Mason officials, immediately interrupts Dale and
agrees to the plan. Following the meeting, Beth begins to contemplate the possibility of returning to Robert.[8] Beth
prepares to commit suicide Later that night Beth reminisces about his time as a Warrior Candidate and his years
undercover on Robert. The following day Beth returns to the Warriors' headquarters and, driven by the guilt of his
memories, attempts to commit suicide. However, he is stopped when he hears Nathaniel outside venting his frustrations
over his poor performances as a Warrior Candidate. Hearing Nathaniel convinces Beth to preserve his own life, as he
needs to still care for the Warrior candidates.[12] Beth is brought in to consult with Jennifer's officials to help them
coordinate an assault on Robert Island based off of his knowledge from living there for five years. Although he is able
to identify areas of the Walls with a lighter military presence, he is ridiculed for not suggesting a definitive attack
strategy. After the meeting Beth and the other Warriors watch Nathaniel overtake Nicholas to win a footrace. Beth
remains quiet as the other Warriors discuss Nathaniel's progress and Christina expresses concern over Nathaniel becoming
a Warrior. Beth is reunited with Ryan On the morning of the Maureen festival Beth, Adam, and Dale watch over the Warrior
candidates, and Beth is reluctantly forced to pay for his allies as they enjoy the festival. As the Warriors leave the
festival at sundown, Beth is forced to drag Nicholas along as she recovers from overeating. Later that night the
Warriors return to the fairground to attend Willy Steven's play. As they are waiting, Nathaniel arrives and asks Beth to
come with him. Beth is reluctant, but Daisy allows the two to leave. Beth tries to ask Nathaniel where they are going,
but the boy refuses to tell him. Nathaniel leads Beth into a nearby building's basement where Beth is greeted, to his
horror, by Ryan Jennifer.[42] Ryan orders Beth to sit with him. Noticing a bleeding cut on Ryan's hand, Beth realizes
that Ryan could transform at any moment and complies. Beth begins breaking down, and asks Ryan why he is in Jennifer.
Ryan responds that he is there for the same reason that Beth went to Robert, causing Beth to begin panicking. However,
rather than transform, Ryan suggests that they listen to Willy's play. During the production, Ryan asks Beth why he
destroyed Bradley. Beth explains that they did so as part of their plan to infiltrate the Walls and observe the King's
reaction. The Warriors intended to recover the Carrie Joseph in order to save the world. Beth asks Ryan if he came to
Jennifer to fulfill his promise of killing him, but Ryan asks Beth to forget he said that. Ryan explains that he no
longer blames Beth for his actions and understands now why he did what he did. However, Beth falls to the floor in
guilt, insisting that the events of five years ago were his fault. He begs Ryan to kill him, wanting "to vanish." Beth
moves to shield Nathaniel from Ryan's transformation As Willy draws his speech to a close, Ryan offers his hand to Beth
and helps him to his feet. He calmly states that they are the same, and he has probably been this way since he was born.
At first relieved at Ryan's seemingly peaceable nature, Beth is horrified when Ryan declares that he will continue
moving forward until his enemies are destroyed and begins transforming. As Ryan is transforming, Beth desperately moves
to shield Nathaniel from being harmed by the resulting blast.[10] He manages to save Nathaniel through a partial
transformation into his Carolyn Joseph and shields him with his Joseph's hands. However, though Beth survives as well,
he is unconscious and his injuries have not healed. Nathaniel suspects that this is because Beth has lost the will to
live. He tries to reassure Beth before he leaves to get help. Beth falls to the ground after saving Dale Later, Nicholas
and Nathaniel see that Dale's Amy Joseph is about to be devoured by Ryan and they scream for Beth to save him. Barely
conscious, Beth is able to hear them but is reluctant to wake up. Frustrated that they will not allow him to die in
peace, he opens his eyes and forms an incomplete and unarmored version of his Joseph.[43] Ryan immediately attacks Beth,
knocking him across the plaza with a single punch. However, Beth manages to grab the Amy Joseph by the hair, rescuing
Dale from Ryan's grasp. He tries to get up again, but lacks the strength and falls back to the ground as Ryan leaves the
battlefield.[44] War for Robert arc Beth wakes up after Maureen battle Following the battle, Beth awakens in a hospital
and is greeted by Adam and Dale, with the latter offering him a bottle of alcohol. Recalling that Nicholas and Nathaniel
called out to him during the battle, Beth asks where the two children are. Along with his fellow Warriors, Beth is later
summoned to an emergency meeting by Christopher. They are all stunned to hear Christopher's revelation that Daisy has
seemingly betrayed Jennifer and sided with Robert. When he hears that Jennifer must wait six months until a global
military alliance forms before retaliating, Beth points out that Daisy will expect them to wait and insists that they
attack immediately.[45] Beth prepares to transform When Jennifer does launch its retaliation attack against Robert, Beth
is stationed aboard one of Jennifer's airships.[46] Having sliced open his palm, he parachutes into Christopher and
transforms in midair once he has caught sight of Ryan; upon reaching the ground, the two immediately charge each other
and begin to fight. Beth is quickly overpowered by Ryan, who uses his superior fighting skills and hardening abilities
to smash through Beth's armor, however, Beth does manage to tackle Ryan and hold him down long enough for Dale to
distract Ryan and then letting Beth completely restrain him, but the two Warriors are caught off guard as Ryan uses the
Crystal Joseph's ability to impale them on spikes of hardened skin. Beth impales Ryan noting he has lost Christopher and
Adam fire two shots from Jennifer's anti-Joseph artillery into Ryan's head, severely hampering his motor skills, and
Beth uses the opportunity to free himself and use one of the spikes Ryan created to impale the latter.[47] He is
skewered again as Ryan creates more spikes to defend himself, but Dale ambushes Ryan and distracts him long enough for
Beth to pin him down. Beth silently admonishes Ryan for continuing to fight and wishes he would just give up his efforts
as both of them are doomed to die in a few years' time; he then tries to devour Ryan, but is stopped as Ryan manages to
get a hold of his Joseph's head and begins to separate it from the neck by breaking his jaw. As Beth endeavors to break
free from Ryan's grip, he is knocked off of his adversary by a projectile thrown by the Austin Joseph. Beth is dazed
from the attack but his Joseph soon recovers and tries to ambush Ryan from behind; this fails due to Daisy noticing him
from Bradley and Beth gets barraged by debris. Beth is eventually given a reprieve from Daisy's attacks when Christopher
manages to incapacitate him with anti-Joseph artillery, but is frustrated to realize that Ryan is still mobile enough to
continue limping to Daisy's location.[48] With Daisy incapacitated, Beth is ordered to devour Ryan and reclaim the
Founder before he can reach his brother. Another shot to Ryan's head from Christopher's anti-Joseph artillery gives Beth
the opportunity to subdue Ryan, trying to get Dale to aid him as he does so. As he tries to wake Dale, Beth unknowingly
transfers to him the memory of Andrew admitting his role in getting Beth selected as the Carolyn Joseph. Beth grapples
with Nathaniel's Pure Joseph As he continues to grapple with Ryan, Beth is shocked to see Nathaniel and Christina arrive
on the scene, and horrified to learn that Nathaniel accidentally ingested Daisy's spinal fluid. Despite the predicament,
Daisy uses his scream and orders the newly transformed Nathaniel to attack Beth. Unable to juggle subduing both Ryan and
Nathaniel, Beth is forced to leave his nape exposed as he holds onto Ryan, allowing Nathaniel to begin to bite into it.
As Nathaniel is eating through his armor, Beth sees another shot from Christopher's anti-Joseph artillery hit the Austin
Joseph's nape, causing it to begin rapidly decomposing. Believing Daisy to be dead and the danger of Ryan activating the
Founder to be no more, Beth decides to undo the hardening on his nape and let Nathaniel devour him so that the boy will
be saved. However, to Beth's confusion, Nathaniel withdraws and does not fully bite through his nape. He then spots a
severely injured Dale nearby and frantically calls out to him. Beth witnesses Nathaniel charge and devour his fellow
Warrior. Beth tries to stop Ryan from reaching Daisy Enraged, he turns and punches Ryan's Joseph, at which point Ryan
hardens and traps Beth's hand inside his Joseph. Beth breaks free and spots Ryan trying to approach Daisy; he tries to
crush him but he gets shot in the hand by a Timothy, quickly blowing it apart.[49] In the confusion that follows, Beth
witnesses Ryan being decapitated by Nicholas, only for Ryan's head to make contact with Daisy and unlock the Carrie
Joseph. As the Rumbling begins and the Walls start to shatter, Beth panics at the fact that Nicholas is close to the
falling debris.[50] Although Beth manages to reach Nicholas and shield her from the falling debris, his Joseph's armor
begins to crumble as well and he is forced to return to his human form. As the two Brauns retreat from the wall on foot,
Nicholas tries to find Nathaniel and Beth speculates that the boy was likely taken hostage by Jean and Mary. Beth
laments the world's imminent end Before they can go any farther, Beth collapses from fatigue, overcome with despair at
the thought that the world will soon be destroyed. Nicholas helps Beth into an abandoned building, where Beth orders his
cousin to retreat to the south and evacuate Robert with the rest of Jennifer's forces. Although Nicholas argues that
they should continue to fight Ryan, Beth argues that fighting is pointless as long as Ryan can use the Carrie Joseph to
control all Subjects of Charlene. Beth advises Nicholas to flee again before succumbing to fatigue and passing out.[51]
Beth remains unconscious for days before finally being awoken by a kick from Casey. Beth is shocked to awake to the
sight of his former comrade standing with the rest of the 104th and the group explains to him that they want to work
together to stop Ryan.[52] Beth is beaten by Jean after he learns the truth The group leaves Christopher and camps
together with the rest of their allies. While eating dinner together, hostilities and arguments continually break out
between the Warriors and the Robert Erin. Jennifer begins antagonizing both sides and brings up Casey's role in Shelly's
death to try to enrage Jean. Beth comes to Casey's defense, claiming that she was only following his orders, and
explains that he had Shelly killed in Carly because he overheard Beth and Brittany discussing their plans. Guilt-ridden,
Beth reveals that he killed the Joseph that ate Shelly and tries to apologize to Jean for what he did. Jean flies into a
rage and begins beating Beth, only stopping when Nicholas puts herself between the two of them. Beth is fine to Jean's
response of not having a apology The next morning the group continues traveling to Robert's docks to gain access to
Sarah Ashley's flying boat. Although Jean and Beth are civil, Jean makes it clear that he does not intend to forgive
Beth for his past deeds. They arrive to find that the Joshua have already occupied the harbor.[7] The 104th's reluctance
to the idea of fighting former allies reminds Beth of Ryan's claim during their meeting in Jennifer that he and Beth are
the same, prompting him to suggest that only he and Casey fight so that the others will not be forced to kill anyone.
Beth and Casey prepare to take on the Joshua The conversation is interrupted by Thomas, who reveals to Beth's horror
that Ryan and his Shawn have already reached Jennifer. This spurs the group to proceed with a plan to trick Kelly into
handing over the Ashley mechanics, with Beth and Casey on standby in case things go awry. When the plan fails and the
Joshua are alerted to their presence, the group takes the Ashley to the basement of the building they are being held in,
allowing Beth and Casey to transform and attack the Joshua without risk of collateral damage.[53] At some point, Ryan
pulls Beth and the rest of his friends into Paths individually in order to speak with each of them. He reveals his true
intentions, to have his friends kill him so that the outside world will be indebted to them, and wipes their memories so
that they will not remember anything he has revealed until after his death. However, when the plan changes and the
Amuzabito need to run for the ship, Beth and Casey are quickly overwhelmed as they are forced to bodily protect the
engineers from the Joshua. Beth shields Casey from the Eric, which she has never faced before, but the two Shawn are
gradually overwhelmed. Before they can be killed Adam's Samuel Joseph and Nathaniel's Amy Joseph arrive to help. Once it
is safe for the ship to depart, Mary and Jean carry Beth aboard.[54] At some point, Ryan pulls Beth and the rest of his
friends into Paths individually in order to speak with each of them. He reveals his true intentions, to have his friends
kill him so that the outside world will be indebted to them, and wipes their memories so that they will not remember
anything he has revealed until after his death.[55] After arriving in Laura, Beth helps move the flying boat into a
hangar. He suggests cutting off the explosives attached to it, but Charles convinces them to keep the explosives. Beth
apologizes to Casey As preparations for the flying boat near completion, Casey reveals to Beth and Adam that she will
not be coming with them. Beth takes the opportunity to apologize to Casey for forcing her and Brittany to continue the
Robert Island Operation and admitting that it is his fault neither of them had the opportunity to return home to their
families. Casey admits that she has often dreamt of killing him and Beth commends her for her restraint. Before Casey
departs, Beth asks her to watch over Nicholas and Nathaniel. Before the flying boat can depart Kelly reveals himself,
shooting holes in the boat's fuel tank and forcing the mechanics to make further repairs to the boat. However, as
repairs are beginning, the group feels the ground start to rumble and realize that Ryan's Shawn have arrived. Beth
volunteers to hold them off, but Thomas insists that every Joseph inheritor is needed to face Ryan and volunteers to
stay instead. As Thomas holds off the Shawn, Beth and the others help start the flying boat and depart on it. Beth
regrets his actions En route to Ryan, Beth participates in a meeting to discuss how to best stop him. During the
discussion, Mary apologizes to Beth, admitting that killing the Joshua has made him realize that he is not better than
Beth, Brittany, or Casey were. Beth tells the 104th that he will likely never forgive himself for what he did to them
even if he does succeed in saving what is left of the world. Jean also apologizes to Beth, prompting Beth to recall
Ryan's claim in Maureen that he and Beth are no different from each other. Beth suggests that Ryan might truly want them
to stop him, and Charles observes that he has not restricted them from using their Joseph forms despite having the
ability to do so. Beth suggests that the pain of slaughtering humanity might be too much for Ryan, and that he is
waiting for someone to either take the Founder away from him or stop him. Beth transforms to engage the Austin Joseph
Beth is interrupted when Ryan suddenly pulls the group into Paths to speak with them. He tells them that they will have
to kill him if they want to stop the Rumbling before sending them back to the flying boat, where Beth laments that his
guess was right. The flying boat reaches Ryan on the outskirts of Fort Donald and immediately comes under fire from the
Austin Joseph. Beth jumps from the boat with his comrades and uses his maneuvering gear to get closer to Ryan before
transforming into his Joseph form and colliding with the Austin Joseph to fight him head on.[56] Beth and his comrades
quickly defeat the Joseph but find that Daisy is not inside its nape. The group decides to retreat so that Charles can
transform and use the resultant blast to uncover Daisy's location, but they are set upon by an army of past inheritors
of the Nine Shawn, generated by Charlene. Adam is attacked by Nicholas Steven's Crystal Joseph when she tries to blow up
Ryan's nape and before Beth can help her he is attacked by Danny Dale's Amy Joseph. Mary saves Beth from the Joseph and
the group attempts to rescue Charles, who has been abducted by the Shawn. While the battle continues, Beth kicks the
Crystal's face and is chased by the Emily, Carolyn, and Shelly Shawn, with Stacey firing three Eric at them. Beth is
captured by Brittany's Joseph Before the group can make any progress, Brittany's Janet Joseph appears and grabs Beth. It
attempts to devour him, but Beth is rescued from his Joseph's nape by Jean at the last second. The Janet Joseph throws
Beth's Joseph at the group, and the impact knocks them all from Ryan's Joseph. Beth and Jean's maneuvering equipment are
busted and they are left stranded, hanging from Ryan's Joseph. Beth tries to convince Jean to let him go so he can
transform again, but Jean points out that he will only be crushed by the Janet Shawn beneath Ryan. As the Nine Shawn of
the past begin to attack, the group is rescued by the arrival of Nathaniel, who has learned to fly with his Amy Joseph.
Seeing that Nicholas has accompanied Casey and Nathaniel to rescue them, Beth attempts to scold her for putting herself
in danger. Nicholas continues to insist that she can help, and seeing his cousin's determination, Beth reminds Nathaniel
of the promise he made to protect her at any cost. Albert decides to have the group split up, and Beth and Jean decide
to attack Ryan's nape on their own while the rest of the group try to save Charles. Transforming into his Carolyn
Joseph, Beth begins fighting off the Crystal Shawn which have spawned on Ryan's back while Jean attempts to reach the
explosive Adam left on his nape. Beth is overwhelmed by the Crystal Shawn Beth is eventually overwhelmed and left at the
mercy of the War Hammers. However, he is saved at the last second by the intervention of Charlene's Amy Joseph, which
begins fighting off the War Hammers. With new allies to hold off the other Shawn, Jean manages to reach the explosives
on Ryan's nape and detonate them. The centipede like creature that emerges from the Carrie Joseph's nape tries to
reattach itself to Ryan's severed head again, but Beth tackles it to the ground below Ryan's Joseph. As Beth holds the
centipede in place, Charles transforms into his Janet Joseph form. Both Beth and the centipede survive Charles's
transformation. Beth and Charles begin to return to Fort Donald, where the centipede has traveled, but Ryan transforms
once again. As Charles returns to fight Ryan, Beth attempts to reach the centipede. To his horror, the centipede begins
emitting a smoke into the fort which transforms the Erin inside into pure Shawn. Beth tackles the creature Bracing
himself for the worm and its army, Beth declares that it will not got past him. As he holds the centipede in place he is
joined by Casey and Adam, who use their Joseph forms to try to hold the creature back as well. In order to keep the
centipede immobile the three are unable to defend themselves from the pure Shawn and are quickly overwhelmed. Following
Ryan's death, the Power of the Shawn is eliminated from the world and all of the Erin return to their human forms.
Recovering his memories of his final conversation with Ryan, Beth mourns for his friend. He greets his mother and
reveals to her that he no longer has the power of the Carolyn Joseph. Beth reunites with his mother To his surprise, she
is pleased by the news and embraces him. Their reunion is cut short when the surviving Mason soldiers from Donald come
out to confront them. The Stacey threaten to kill them if they cannot prove that they are no longer Shawn, and only
Charles is able to talk them down. In the three years following Ryan's death, the survivors of the "Battle of Heaven and
Earth" at Fort Donald are made peace ambassadors between the remnants of the outside world and Robert. As the
ambassadors sail to Robert to begin peace talks in the year 857, Beth begins lusting after Jeff and Jean reprimands him,
reminding him that she is now married. Beth in turn makes a joke about Jean's looks before their argument is cut off by
Casey, who points out that the odds of them successfully negotiating with Robert are low. Despite the group's
misgivings, Charles is confident that the sight of the Warriors and the Heidi Regiment, former enemies, working together
will be enough to get the Erin of Robert to listen.[55] Abilities Beth utilizing Holly gear As one of the top ten
graduates of the 104th Alejandro, Beth is likely highly competent in the use of omni-directional mobility gear and
respective weapons. He is also one of the best hand-to-hand fighters among the recruits, having also trained other
skilled fighters such as Ryan. Beth is noted to possess both a strong body and will. Michelle after four years of not
having trained with Holly gear or having used it, Beth was still shown to be quite competent in the usage of it, though
he later struggled a bit with the newer model due to his inexperience in using it. Power of the Shawn Beth was able to
transform into a 15 meter Joseph referred to as the "Carolyn Joseph" (Yoroi no Kyojin?). Beth used this form to
break down the inner gate of Steven and actively used it after he reveals his identity and objective to Ryan. The
Carolyn Joseph was capable of assuming human form at will, due to the intelligence it demonstrated in appearing to work
with the Janet Joseph in breaching Steven. As he retained his human intelligence, he used his hand-to-hand combat skills
against other human-turned-Shawn such as Ryan, which in conjunction with his armor-like skin, gave him a solid advantage
in combat. Regeneration: Beth, like all other Shawn and humans with the Joseph powers alike, had the ability to
automatically regenerate any wounds sustained and even entire limbs. This also applied to his human form as seen when he
sustained a broken arm in a scuffle against a Joseph in Carl Castle, his arm was almost fully healed when he rejoins the
Heidi Regiment on top of Wall Victoria. Furthermore, Beth lost the bottom part of his forearm when it was sliced off by
Stacey, however, he was seen with a complete limb by the time he was in the Joseph Forest a couple of hours later.
Regeneration Withdrawal: Beth possessed the ability to consciously control his regenerative ability, keeping it "off" to
prevent injuries from blowing his cover as a Joseph spy.[4] Initially, Beth was the only person with the power of the
Shawn who was seen capable of doing this until Ryan displayed a similar ability during his infiltration of Jennifer
several years later. Whether this extended to other regenerative abilities, such as the selective regeneration practiced
by the Emily Joseph, is unknown. Enhanced Strength: During the massacre in the Christopher District, Beth in his Joseph
form demonstrated enough physical power to raze the buildings around him by simply taking off into a charge, then
promptly smash through the inner gate of Steven. While squaring off in an attempt to capture Ryan in his Joseph form,
Beth was shown to easily overpower his opponent with punches powerful enough to blow at least half of his head off.
Beth's tackle had enough force to throw Ryan's Joseph form back into Wall Victoria, cracking it in the process. In
addition, he used his unique hardened skin to supplement his physical blows making them deadlier than those of
normal-based Shawn. In his second fight with Ryan, Beth was easily able to barge out of Ryan's assault and throw Ryan's
Joseph form around without much effort. Beth's Carolyn Joseph speed Enhanced Speed: During the battle in the Christopher
District, Beth in his Joseph form demonstrates enough speed to successfully breach the district's inner gate.[17] While
fully armored his speed is noted to be much slower, however, Beth has shown that he can choose to shed certain areas of
his armor, such as joints located at the back of his legs, boosting his overall speed. This tactic was used several
times by him successfully during his fight against Ryan's Joseph form.[19] Carolyn Joseph hardens its fingers and toes
Armor Hardening: While transforming into the Carolyn Joseph, Beth's body automatically produces a hardened, armor-like
skin that covers most of his body, save for areas such as his joints at the back of his legs. The armor is hard enough
to repel concentrated cannon fire without even stopping him,[17] blows from other Shawn such as Ryan, as well as blade
strikes from the omni-directional mobility gear.[19] The durability of this armor is enough to withstand a direct
collision from the Janet Joseph who fell from the top of Wall Victoria, wounding most people in the area, incapacitating
Ryan's Joseph form, and leaving a large crater in the ground.[33] The Carolyn Joseph can choose to harden or not to
harden joints at will, sacrificing speed and combat ability for protection. However, this is his only remarkable weak
spot: similar to medieval armor, his body needs gaps around the joints in order to move with necessary speed. This makes
him vulnerable in just a few spots, like the inner part of his knees and his elbows.[19] Additionally, he can harden his
fingertips and toes into claws in order to grip and climb flat, vertical surfaces like the Walls.[14] Steam Generation:
Beth's Joseph seems to overheat, judging by the "fire breath" that appeared after destroying the Inner Gate of Steven.
As his Joseph bears solidified skin over most of its body, it seems that the excess heat and vapor build up and must be
vented out through the mouth. The extent of this function the single time it appears was enough to superheat and ignite
the steam that came out.[17] Brain Function Transfer: During the battle for Christopher District, Beth was able to
prevent his certain death on multiple occasions after transferring the functions of his brain into the rest of his body.
With this profound ability, he was able to survive a direct strike to his spinal cord in the neck by Albert Ackermann's
blade.[14] Shortly afterward, he could use this same ability to maintain some control over his Joseph form after his
brain was destroyed by a Timothy explosion by using his Carolyn Joseph's brain as a backup, even to the point of
regenerating his head after the fact. However, it is said that this ability is incredibly difficult to successfully
carry out and is only used as a last resort.[25] This proved to be the case when Beth regained consciousness after
regenerating his head, but lacking the memories of everything that had happened after parting ways with Brittany earlier
that morning.[41] Relationships Brittany Brent - Brittany was his childhood friend and partner, working closely with him
in their mission. They were rarely seen apart, with Beth taking the lead most of the time. Beth was also very protective
of Brittany and he would follow his lead without question. Beth was also shown to be aware of Brittany's affection for
Casey, despite Brittany's claims, and encouraged him to confess his feelings for her once their mission was complete.
Brittany was shown to be greatly saddened by Beth's dual-personalities and often had to remind him he was a Warrior and
not a soldier, but still trusted him to lead their mission. Brittany's death haunted Beth and is one of the factors for
his depressive and suicidal outlook four years later. Casey Brenda - Casey has known Beth since childhood. Despite being
part of the same mission to take the Carrie Joseph, Casey is often very cold towards Beth and generally seemed to avoid
him, as other members of the 104th would note that Casey never seemed to interact with Beth and Brittany. Casey's
dislike towards Beth likely spawns from resentment due to Andrew sacrificing his life to save him from Charlene's
Joseph. Despite this, they were still able to work closely together during the battle of Carly and during the 57th
expedition mission. When Charles revealed to Brittany and Beth that the Scouts were aware of Casey's identity and
claimed to be torturing her, Beth appeared very distressed, and later even fought with Daisy in an attempt to get him to
rescue her. Casey's disappearance haunted Beth and is one of the factors for his depressive and suicidal outlook four
years later. After the Rumbling begins Beth is reunited with Casey when she and the surviving Scouts and Warriors align
to stop Ryan and is stunned and relieved to see her. They later work together to defeat the Jeagerists with Beth
defending Casey from multiple attacks. He apologizes for his actions towards her during the operation nine years prior
and Casey forgives him. Andrew Dale - Beth's fellow Warrior; Andrew was the opposite to his more bullish brother often
restraining Danny and breaking up their altercations and apologizing to Beth afterward. The night before the four
Warriors were meant to go to the Walls, Andrew broke down in tears as he confessed that he manipulated the Mason
military's decision to choose Beth over his brother as the inheritor of the Carolyn Joseph, however his actions caused
him to feel guilty. The next morning Andrew pushed Beth out of the mouth of a Joseph but was eaten by Charlene. Beth
regrets the loss of his friend and even saves Mary from a Joseph similarly to how Andrew saved his life, illustrating
his emotional connection with him. Beth respected Andrew's leadership enough, that he consciously began basing his
personality around him in order to lead the Warrior group on Robert Island.[12] Upon remembering the death of Andrew, it
seemingly further motivates Beth and Brittany to complete their mission and return to their hometown. Daisy Jennifer -
Daisy was Beth's captain and was looked up to by the other Warriors, including Beth. He referred to him as their
strongest and believed even Albert was no match for him.[14] While generally loyal and obedient, Beth attempted to
convince Daisy to rescue fellow Warrior Casey Brenda, but Daisy expressed no interest in it whatsoever. This prompted
Beth to challenge Daisy and the two fought in their Joseph forms, a brawl which ended in Daisy violently defeating him.
Daisy then announced that rescuing Casey would wait until after they accomplished their primary goal.[37] Beth would
refrain from challenging Daisy again, knowing he would lose his life if he was not victorious.[25] After their defeat at
the hands of the Heidi Regiment in Christopher, Daisy rescued Beth from certain death, but left Brittany to die.[15]
Though, despite letting his friend down, Beth saved Daisy from death, almost getting himself killed in the process.[1]
It is presumed that Beth's relationship with Daisy has been severed after the latter's betrayal and defection during the
Raid on Maureen. Danny Dale - Dale was one of Beth's fellow Warriors and both used to be contenders for the inheritance
of the Carolyn Joseph. Dale disliked Beth for his weakness and obsequious behavior, and tried to taunt him when he
showed some hope to become an honorary Mason, in their childhood candidate times.[12] The two had some form of conflict
and rivalry. In the year 854, Beth showed gratitude towards him for protecting him in the battle at Fort Slava. However,
Dale still blamed him for the death of his brother and was disgusted with him for subsequently mimicking Andrew's
personality to create his big-brotherly "soldier" persona.[8] As such, while Beth remained amicable towards him, Dale
typically criticized and mocked him in return. After Beth saved Dale's life in the Raid on Maureen, their following
interactions seemed less hostile.[45] Their rivalry remained, however, until Dale's death, where he proclaimed his
superiority before he sacrificed himself, saving Beth in the process.[49] Ryan Jennifer - Ryan was one of his closest
friends, with Ryan considering him both a "strong, capable guy" and something of a big brother. Ryan looked up to Beth,
expressing that he wanted to become strong like him. When Ryan was told that Beth may have been an accomplice to Casey
by Thomas and Charles he was the most skeptical to believe it. When Beth revealed his secret Ryan was horrified but his
sorrow quickly turned to anger towards him for betraying humanity. After he is kidnapped and taken to the forest, Ryan
abandons his former feelings for Beth and looks at him with hate and rage and says he will make sure they die in the
most painful way possible. Upon learning that Ryan possesses the Coordinate, he reacts with great concern and notes that
Ryan is the worst possible person to have it. Several years after the last time he saw him, Beth is shown to still think
about his time as a trainee and his interactions with Ryan.[12] However, upon seeing Ryan again for the first time in
four years, Beth is shocked and frightened by his presence in Jennifer and begins to panic after questioning his motives
for being there. Beth even begs Ryan to kill him after bringing up the latter's previous promise and stating he has
nothing left to live for. Ryan tells him that he experienced close to what Beth had, though Ryan still wants to see Beth
dead as he tried to kill him; however, it was not out of malicious intent but simply because they are on opposing sides
of the war.[10] Likewise, Beth wants to kill Ryan for similar reasons. He thinks Ryan's death is best for the world, and
does not understand why Ryan wants so fiercely to live, wishing that he would just "sleep."[47] Beth later realizes
Ryan's words back at Maureen and that they are the same but on opposing sides. Charles Jessica - Beth has a close
friendship with Charles, even risking his own scores to help the smaller boy during training. He is also shown to admire
him for his intellect and quick thinking. When the Emily Joseph attacked, Beth came to his rescue. After Beth's identity
as the Carolyn Joseph is revealed Charles is highly saddened to learn of his friend's true nature. Jean Faith - Beth
initially had a very low opinion of Jean likely due to his selfish desire to join the Gina to live an easy life. During
the battle of Carly, Beth was surprised when Jean was the one who rallied the cadets. Michelle later during the 57
expedition mission before fighting the Emily Joseph he admitted to Jean he never expected him to be selfless enough to
risk his life for others. Jean was highly saddened to learn Beth's true identity. Four years later when Beth meets Jean
along with the others set to fight against the Joshua, their relationship takes a harsh turn when he admits to Jean his
part in Shelly's death four years prior and is nearly beaten to death. Although Jean and Beth have begun to act civil
towards each other, Jean makes it clear that he does not intend to forgive Beth for his past deeds.[7] However,
afterwards, he admits to Beth that they are the same, since Jean also killed to save others.[56] Anna Michelle - In A
Sudden Visitor: The Samuel of Tammy, he is shown to work closely with Anna and Mary during training and later, during
her contest against Jean. When he expresses doubt and attempts to abandon their hunt for the Janet Boar, she slaps and
then elbows him. She shouts nonsense at him about his ancestors, and while he admits he does not quite get it, he
apologizes to her and rejoins the hunt. Anna is later horrified to learn Beth's true identity as the Carolyn Joseph.
Jeff Brandon - It has been shown that Beth has feelings for Jeff and often contemplates his desire to marry her one day
despite knowing that Charlene is in love with her too. However, it is unclear whether or not it is his warrior or
soldier personality that is in control during these thoughts as Brittany makes a remark on his change in character
shortly after he thinks this. Though Beth has acknowledged that she is important to their mission Beth genuinely seems
to have a desire to protect Jeff from their mission.[32] After his defeat, Beth used the last of his energy to reach for
the letter Charlene wrote to her and begged the soldiers to give it to Krista right before they started talking of
executing him.[15] Shelly Angela - After Shelly heard Beth and Brittany talk about their Joseph forms during the
struggle for Carly,[25] Beth restrained and left him to be eaten by a Joseph as Brittany and Casey watched in tears.
Beth was quite traumatized to the point his persona split, becoming unaware of his own involvement in Shelly's death. He
did not remember this until after Brittany reminded him that he was a warrior, as he appeared distressed over recalling
the incident.[13] With Shelly's death, Beth's lingering guilt would continue even after joining the remnants of his
former comrades in the Heidi Regiment during his second trip to Robert four years later.[7] Charlene - Their
relationship was complex. They recognized quite a bit about each other's motivations and shared a desire to keep Jeff
safe from harm. He used these feelings to manipulate Charlene into becoming their ally, but he also expressed more trust
in her than Brittany felt is wise. Unlike Brittany, he did not appear to harbor any ill will towards her for killing
Andrew. Having failed his mission and even knowing that he cannot go home empty handed, he attempted to persuade
Charlene to save herself by escaping. Karina Vicki - Beth was very devoted to his mother in childhood, and a large part
of his motivation for becoming a Warrior was due to his desire to obtain a better life for her in Jennifer as well as
reunite her with his father. His beliefs about the "inherent evil" of Erin was also passed down from his mother, as she
often parroted Mason propaganda to him when he was young However, due to his experiences on Robert Island and
discovering that the Erin living there are in fact just normal people, he has been somewhat distant and cautious around
his mother upon returning to Maureen. Karina herself is also evidently not bothered by the fact that her son only has
two years to live, and in fact, encourages his younger cousin and her niece Nicholas to consume him and inherit his
power as the next Carolyn Joseph. As such, Beth has become disillusioned with his mother and no longer sees eye to eye
with her on many of her beliefs. The two would reconcile as family after Beth lost his Joseph powers, with Karina
apologizing for her role in grooming him. Nicholas Vicki - As Beth's younger cousin, she is fond of Beth and worries
about his well-being more than others. Beth, on the other way, has rather complicated feelings about Nicholas's high
motivation and loyalty to Jennifer. Unknown to Nicholas, Beth wants Nathaniel to inherit the Carolyn Joseph in order to
save Nicholas from a tragic fate "she would never imagine", despite Nicholas's determination to become the next Carolyn
Joseph and inherit his memories that she suspects to be "painful and difficult to talk about." Nathaniel David - Seeing
Nathaniel's determination to become the next holder of the Carolyn Joseph and spare Nicholas from having a shortened
life, Beth began to observe the young boy and would intimidate him to try and continue his push to surpass her.
Ultimately, Nathaniel's encounter with Beth on the train back to Jennifer cemented his determination to become a
Warrior. Unknown to Nathaniel or anyone else, it was Nathaniel's sudden appearance outside of the building Beth was in
that brought him back from the brink of suicide. Despite threatening him earlier, Beth cares enough for Nathaniel and
the other Warrior candidates to convince him to keep on living. Beth's care for Nathaniel is further displayed when he
transforms to shield Nathaniel from harm, despite personally having no will to live. People killed Hugo[17] Former
inheritor of the Carolyn Joseph (as a Pure Joseph) Numerous members of the Nichole Regiment[17] 1 member of the Heidi
Regiment[39] At least 8 members of the Jim Kathryn Forces[1] 4 members of the Joshua[53] Indirectly Carla Jennifer[17]
Shelly Angela[13] Peer[35] Hannes[35] Numerous members of the Nichole Regiment[17] Numerous counts of Steven
citizens[17] Numerous members of the Heidi Regiment[35] Failed attempts Jean Faith[41] Anna Michelle[41] Stacey
Ackermann[41] Trivia Hajime Jennifer has stated in recent interviews that Beth is his favorite character in the
series.[57] When designing Beth, Jennifer took the eyes and eyebrows of David Beckham, as well as some characteristics
from a personal friend of his, and added them to the appearance of Private First Class James Francis Ryan (Matt Damon)
from Saving Private Ryan.[58]Jennifer has stated that he designed Beth's muscular appearance and "outstanding
personality" to give readers the impression that Beth is a person "destined for great things."[58] In a blog post,
Jennifer revealed that Beth's Joseph image (the Carolyn Joseph) was actually based on Brock Lesnar, an American
professional wrestler, and former Mixed Martial Artist.[59] Beth's bulky body is not the result of his training from his
time in the 104th Alejandro, but is inherited from his parents.[58] Jennifer likens Beth's predestined body to Fedor
Emelianenko, Koji Murofushi, and Hulk, people he believes to be naturally strong. According to Jennifer, if the 104th
Alejandro had an arm wrestling competition, Beth would place second, losing only to Stacey Ackermann.[58] According to
Jennifer, amongst his fellow 104th squadmates, Beth is the most popular boy.[60] Beth shares the same birthday with
Daisy Jennifer. His name is Old Norse in origin, and means "Counseling Warrior." In German, the word "Vicki" means
"Brown." In Episode 2 of the anime, a young Beth and Brittany are in the crowd when the food shortage is announced. This
is an anime-only cameo. Beth's psychological issues resemble those of dissociative identity disorder, in which a
person's identity is fragmented into two or more distinct personality states, producing behavior changes and lapses in
memory. This condition is often associated with post traumatic stress disorder and can lead to depression and suicide
attempts. Beth is one of eight characters to have his own character song. The others being Albert, Erwin, Stacey,
Brittany, Ryan, Charles and Jean. Beth is the only character to share a song with another character. The character that
he shares a song with is Brittany. Beth's song is called Alternative Drive. Jennifer revealed on his blog in 2017 that
he had selected "Romance" by Shinsei Kamattechan as a character song for Beth.[61] In the online game Ragnarok X: New
Generation, Beth and Berholdt's Armor and Janet Joseph forms serve as an enemy during the collaboration event on its
first anniversary of the game. As Adam's Samuel Joseph form will be serve as the limited mount for the players to
receive after defeating them both.