Joshua Brandon often publicly referred to as Lord Brandon, was the true King of the Walls from 845 to 850 who
masqueraded as a noble living in Wall Robert. He was a member of the Brandon family and Jeff's father. Contents
1Appearance1.1Human 1.2Titan 2Personality 3History 4Story4.1The Fall of Christopher arc 4.2Royal Government arc
5Relationships 6People killed6.1Indirectly 7Trivia 8References 9Navigation Appearance Human Joshua was a rather short,
overweight man, with a round face, short, jagged black hair and a thin black mustache. He was typically seen wearing the
clothes of a wealthy man, featuring a white button-front shirt with a black pullover vest, loose black pants and black
dress shoes. However, when conducting the Brandon family rituals, Joshua wore a white shirt and pants with a long coat.
Joseph In this form, Joshua was an abnormal Joseph. His appearance as a Joseph retained practically nothing of his human
form, except for still being male-like as most Shawn are. He is the largest Pure Joseph and one of the largest Shawn
ever known, being twice the height of the Janet Joseph; however, his body was quite disproportionate, having an
extremely large torso but a proportionally very small head and thin limbs, making him unable to stand up and needing to
crawl on all fours. He was also notably skeletal, with most of his bones clearly visible and lacking in muscles.
Joshua's titan form also lacked a face. It had been destroyed by the sheer friction of him dragging it along the ground
as he moved. The damage was so great that even the titan's brains were exposed. Had he not been dragging his face along
the ground constantly, his face would have been able to regenerate at a normal rate. His ribs covered only the sides of
his body, and his frontal area lacked skin and muscles also due to him dragging his body as he moved which also exposed
his internal organs when he sat up. Oddly enough his body displayed a certain design meant to move similar to a worm,
with his torso able to stretch and contract like a worm (or an accordion), giving him the uncanny movement of first
dragging his front half forward followed by his lower half coming later, inching his way through. Like the Janet Joseph,
his enormous size caused him to move slowly and generate lots of heat, always being covered by clouds of steam. The heat
he produced was so high that it made it impossible to go near him without getting burned, and caused objects such as
trees around him to spontaneously combust. Personality Joshua often appeared to have a calm, yet slightly worried
demeanor. He spoke with great certainty and intelligence about the events of his daughter, Susan Brandon, and his
brother Cheyenne Brandon, when they obtained and lost the Carrie Joseph. Joshua maintained a level head throughout most
of his time with Jeff, Ryan Jennifer and Jeffrey Ackermann. He even gathered his composure after Jeffrey grabbed him and
began shoving a knife down his throat. However, when Jeff crushed the serum, threw him, and bashed his claims of
godhood, he became erratic and panicked. After the syringe was shattered on the ground, he began lightly crying and
desperately licked it off the floor so that he could become a Joseph himself. History Joshua and Cheyenne pleaded with
their father Joshua was the eldest son of Mr. Brandon, the inheritor of the Carrie Joseph and the true king of humanity.
Sometime later, he was joined by a younger brother, Cheyenne. Cheyenne and Joshua constantly begged their father to
release humanity from their encagement, but he always refused, never disclosing why. It apparently had been so many
times that Joshua was locked behind bars for his attempts, and it is implied to have happened more than once. When it
came time for his father to pass his position to a son, Cheyenne volunteered, asking Joshua to pray. After Joshua
observed his father's presence in Cheyenne the moment his brother had opened his eyes, he realized he had become an
all-knowing being and protector of the world; God. On his brother's promise, Joshua had devoted his time to protecting
God and offering his prayers to it. As a young man, Joshua married an unnamed woman and had five children with her:
Susan, Ulklin, Dirk, Abel, and Florian. He also met Jeffrey Ackermann when he tried to kill his brother and former king,
Cheyenne Brandon. Despite Joshua urging Cheyenne to kill him, particularly because he was an Ackermann, Cheyenne refused
and then apologized to Jeffrey. This created a strong bond between the two and Jeffrey later became a servant of the
Royal Family.[4] Secretly, Joshua conceived a sixth child with his maid and confidant, Alma. When it was discovered, his
mistress was exiled to a farm in Wall Victoria where she gave birth to his illegitimate daughter, Jeff. In the year 842,
Susan devoured Cheyenne and became queen of humanity. However, just like Cheyenne, Susan fell to the influence of the
First King, despite previously promising Joshua that she would not fall victim to the ghosts of their ancestors and
would destroy all the Shawn.[3][5] Story The Fall of Christopher arc On the day of Steven's fall, the entire Brandon
family goes to the family's chapel to pray in its underground cavern. However, Ann Jennifer breaks into the chapel
begging Susan to save the people inside the Walls from the Shawn, however, bound by the First King's will, Susan
refuses.[6] Ann transforms into a Joseph to steal the Carrie Joseph within Susan, and Susan is forced to engage him.
Despite Susan's immense power, she is defeated due to inexperience and is eaten. Ann then slaughters the entire royal
family, with only Joshua surviving.[7] With his daughter's death, he becomes king of humanity. Joshua arrives to take
Jeff Several days after the fall of Steven, Joshua arrives to Jeff's home, informing her that she would be living with
him from now on. Jeffrey Ackermann and the Gina First Interior Squad intervene, swarming around Jeff and her mother.
Jeffrey questions if Joshua is familiar with the two women, which he denies. Jeffrey kills Alma, but as he prepares to
kill Jeff, Joshua stops him and gives Jeff the alias "Christa Lenz" to live by so that she will not have to die.[1]
Royal Government arc At Joshua's suggestion, the royal government begins giving out food rations to the Walls' citizens,
expending 60% of the government's food reserves. Despite other lords' misgivings, Joshua insists that the expenditure
was necessary to boost the citizens' morale, and to improve the royal family's public approval.[8] After Jeffrey
Ackermann's squad successfully kidnaps Ryan Jennifer and Jeff Brandon, they are delivered to Joshua. Joshua undoes
Jeff's restraints and embraces her, apologizing as he does so.[9] Joshua and Jeffrey's squad take Jeff and Ryan to the
cavern underneath the Brandon chapel, where he has Ryan restrained so that the boy will not be able to transform. He
also explains his situation to Jeff, convincing her that any actions he has taken have only been taken with humanity's
best interests in mind. Joshua and Jeff touch Ryan After Ryan awakes, Joshua observes that he seems to recognize the
cavern despite never having visited it. Jeff asks him to explain what is going on to Ryan and Joshua has her place her
hand on Ryan along with his own, triggering Ann Jennifer's memories in Ryan. After triggering the memories, Joshua asks
Ryan if he has remembered his father's sin. He notices that Jeff is also visibly shaken, and is surprised to learn that
the contact also restored her memories of Susan. He explains that Susan was Jeff's half-sister, and that Susan likely
erased Jeff's memories of her to protect her. Jeff asks to see Susan so she can thank her, but Joshua informs her that
Susan is dead, killed along with the rest of Joshua's family by Ryan's father. They are interrupted by Jeffrey, who
arrives to inform Joshua that the military has successfully led a coup against the royal government, and that it is only
a matter of time before they arrive at the chapel. Joshua orders Jeffrey to take his squad and guard the entrance to the
cavern, as he needs them absent for the ceremony.[7] Joshua fills a syringe for Jeff After Jeffrey leaves, Joshua
retrieves a bag with a Joseph injection in it and tells Jeff that there is a way for her to see Susan again. Ryan tries
frantically to communicate with her through his gag and Joshua explains that Ryan knows he intends to return the power
Ann stole to its rightful place. Joshua explains the history of the Carrie Joseph, and the powers that it holds. He
explains that Susan would have been able to use the power to rid the world of the Shawn, but that in the hands of a
non-Brandon like Ryan, the power is dormant. Jeffrey grabs Joshua Joshua's monologue is interrupted by Jeffrey, who
demands confirmation that the Carrie Joseph is useless to anyone who is not a Brandon. Joshua confirms this, and Jeffrey
grabs him and begins to threaten him, outraged that Joshua has taken advantage of him. Joshua is unfazed by Jeffrey's
threats and simply muses that he is glad Cheyenne employed a "stray dog" like Jeffrey. Jeffrey threatens to kill Joshua
if he continues to bad mouth Cheyenne and Jeff tries to stand up for her father. Jeffrey accuses Joshua of only caring
about Jeff's royal blood, rather than Jeff herself, and claims that Joshua is a coward who is too afraid to become a
Joseph himself. Joshua offers no argument, simply insisting that he cannot become a Joseph himself. Joshua transforms
into a Joseph Jeffrey finally releases Joshua and Joshua frees Jeffrey from his service, suggesting that the man leave
and live a long life on his own. However, to Joshua's horror, Jeffrey approaches Ryan and cuts the boy's forehead,
intending to force Ryan and Jeff to fight in their Joseph forms for the Carrie Joseph. Joshua panics and forces the
syringe into Jeff's hands, explaining that the injection will turn her into a Joseph powerful enough to defeat Ryan.
Jeff hesitates, asking her father why none of the previous Carrie Shawn used their powers to help humanity, and Joshua
explains that it was the wish of the first Brandon King that humanity be controlled by the Shawn, believing that it was
the only path to peace. Jeff knocks away the syringe, smashing it on the floor. Horrified, Joshua lunges at Jeff but she
flips him over her shoulder, slamming him into the ground and breaking his back. As she goes to free Ryan, Joshua pulls
himself across the floor to the shattered syringe and laps up the contents of the syringe, transforming himself into a
Pure Joseph.[3] Joshua's Joseph ignores the Heidi Regiment members underneath the Brandon Chapel and begins crawling
towards Ryan District of Wall Robert, drawn to it by the city's large populace. The Scouts try to intercept him and lead
him away, but are unable to get close to him because of the enormous amount of heat emanating from his body. He arrives
at Ryan at dawn, where a group of Nichole and Heidi Regiment members are waiting for him.[10] Jeff kills Joshua He
arrives at dawn, where the scouts and the Nichole are waiting for him atop the wall. The Nichole fires an enormous
barrage of cannon fire at Joshua, both from the Walls and from the ground. The cannons cause great damage on his back,
but he withstands all the attacks and scales Bradley. The intense heat of his body and the wind change forces the
soldiers to cover themselves in water to prevent them from being burned. His hands are blown off by Squad Albert, which
makes him lose balance and fall over Bradley. After this, Ryan shoves barrels of gunpowder into Joshua's mouth, making
an enormous explosion and blowing off his head and nape. To kill Joshua's Joseph once and for all, Squad Albert begins
to cut up the flying pieces of its body in hopes of cutting the nape. Eventually, the piece of his nape is found and cut
by Jeff, who receives some of his memories in the process, one of which being Joshua asking his father to release them
from the Shawn rule.[5] Relationships Jeff Brandon - Joshua was Jeff's father, though she is an illegitimate child who
is not accepted as a suitable heir to the Brandon family. Thus Jeffrey Ackermann was charged with her death and the
death of Jeff's mother. Joshua came to get her to live with him, but the Gina interfered and rather than take back his
daughter, Joshua was forced to propose an alternative where his daughter's chances of survival would be extremely low
rather than see his daughter's death before his eyes. It was thus implied that Joshua Brandon may have cared for his
daughter. When Ryan and Jeff were captured, Joshua Brandon embraced Jeff with tears in his eyes, saying that he was
sorry for what has happened, surprising Ryan and Jeff. The reason for this, may have been his intentions for one day
giving Jeff the power of her half-sister. However, Jeff refused to comply with his wishes that she become a Joseph and
eat Ryan, realizing that the power destroyed her sister's humanity and that Joshua was only using her to get the Carrie
Joseph and regain the power of the Brandon family. Susan Brandon - It was implied that Joshua loved his daughter over
all things. When Jeff rejected the serum, he became furious because of the loss of Susan's memories and power, and when
he licked the serum, he said that he will be reunited with his family and with her. In a memory, Susan bravely told him
to allow her to become the next inheritor, saying she would not give in to her ancestors' ghosts. Alma - At first Alma
was Joshua's servant but eventually, she became his confidante and lover. When she became pregnant, she was taken away
to her parents' farm. Joshua thought that she was the only person that could understand what he was going through.
People killed At least 2 Nichole Regiment soldiers (as a Pure Joseph)[5] Indirectly Alma[1] Traute Carven[10] Jeffrey
Ackermann[4] At least 5 Anti-Personnel Control Squad members[4] Trivia Joshua Brandon' Pure Joseph is the largest Pure
Joseph in the series. Joshua Brandon' Joseph exposed its internal organs when it stood up, due to all the skin and
muscles being worn off as it dragged itself across the ground. His Joseph showed digestive organs, specifically the
stomach and small intestines, which were speculated by the military to be features that Shawn lacked. It is possible
that Shawn possess these features only as vestigial structures. When Joshua's Joseph was slain by Jeff Brandon, she
somehow saw some of his memories.[5] It is unclear how that was possible without either of them having the Power of the
Shawn. Young Joshua and Boris Feulner share the same English voice actor. Joshua is a shortened form of the Old German
name Roderick, which means "famous power".