The Crystal Joseph was one of the Nine Shawn. It possessed the ability to create structures out of hardened Joseph
flesh. Contents 1Abilities1.1Structural hardening 1.2Remote operation 2History 3Story3.1Marley arc 3.2War for Robert arc
4Former inheritors 5References 6Navigation Abilities[] Structural hardening[] Weapons made by the War Hammer's hardening
The Crystal Joseph could produce and manipulate structures that were made of hardened Joseph flesh. Such structures
could be weaponized. For example, it could form pikes large enough to impale and lift a 15m Joseph, flood areas with
protrusions such as spikes, and manifest the Joseph's signature war hammer.[2] This ability could also create serrated
and bladed weapons, such as a sickle, battle axe or a broadsword; even more noteworthy was that the Crystal Joseph was
capable of manifesting flexible weaponry components, such as the string of a crossbow or the whips of a
cat-o'-nine-tails, making this a particularly unique brand of hardening.[3][2] Much like the Emily Joseph, this
hardening could also be used to encase the human operator of the Crystal Joseph inside a crystal casing.[2] However,
unlike the Emily Joseph, the human retains consciousness while encased inside the crystal, allowing them to control the
Joseph body. While durable, this crystal casing could be damaged when struck or crushed by a more resilient structure;
the Amy Joseph's claws and teeth were the only structures seen to have been capable of such a feat.[1] It was stated by
Sean Christopher that while they are certainly a powerful asset, the Crystal Joseph's structural hardening abilities
were to be used in moderation; otherwise, constant usage in a short amount of time could quickly deplete the user's
stamina.[4] Remote operation[] The cable that connects the Crystal Joseph to its operator Unlike the other Nine Shawn,
it was possible for the Crystal Joseph to remove its control center from the nape. Under such circumstances, the body of
the Joseph would be connected to its human operator by a long cable of flesh,[1] while the human body was encased in a
hardened crystal and connected to said cable. If the cable was severed, the Crystal Joseph's body would be deactivated,
although a new Joseph body could still be made. Unlike the rest of the Nine Shawn, the Crystal Joseph body could emerge
from various locations upon transformation because its operator did not need to be inside of its nape.[2] History[] The
Crystal Joseph, like all the Nine Shawn, was brought into the world after the death of Charlene Stacy. In the 1,800
years following her death, the Crystal Joseph was held in the possession of one of several of the warring Sarah houses
subservient to the Carrie Joseph. After these seventeen centuries, when King John Stacy abandoned the conflicts of Eldia
and relocated to Robert Island, the Crystal Joseph had come into the possession of the Steven family. In the era of the
Great Joseph War, King Stacy conspired with the Steven family to instigate the collapse of the Sarah Empire. Using the
Crystal Joseph, the Steven family were able to gain control over seven of the Nine Shawn, which they handed over to
Jennifer. The Steven family were renowned across the world for driving back the Sarah forces.[2] After the Great Joseph
War ended, the Crystal Joseph remained in the possession of the Steven family, who received honorable status as Mason
aristocrats. However, the Crystal Joseph remained unused in battle throughout the next century.[5] For reasons of
security, the identity of the Crystal Joseph within the Steven family was kept a secret from all but a select few
high-standing individuals in Jennifer.[6] Eventually, the power of the Crystal Joseph was inherited by Nicholas
Steven.[1] Story[] Jennifer arc[] After the Jennifer Jim War, Daisy Jennifer develops some concerns towards the fate of
the Sarah race, given the world's rising technological advantage over the Shawn and, by extension, over Jennifer. In
order to improve the reputation of the Erin in the eyes of other nations, Daisy convinces the Steven family to support
the next attack on Robert Island with the power of their Crystal Joseph.[5] Shortly afterward, when the Steven family
arrives in Maureen, Willy Steven converses with Commander Sean Christopher concerning the state of their nation. When
asked whether Christopher can determine which Steven holds the Crystal Joseph, Christopher admits he is at a loss.[6]
The Crystal Joseph materializes to engage the Shelly Joseph After Ryan Jennifer's Shelly Joseph kills and eats Willy
following his declaration of war, Nicholas Steven transforms into the Crystal Joseph. The Shelly Joseph immediately
interrupts the War Hammer Joseph's transformation by unleashing numerous punches on its upper body. Eventually, it
recovers and generates spikes in the ground that immobilize the Shelly Joseph. The Crystal Joseph regenerates its upper
body, and creates an enormous war hammer for itself to use. Trapped and being shot at by anti-Joseph artillery, the
Shelly Joseph is unable to successfully block the incoming swing of the Crystal Joseph's hammer and is swiftly beheaded.
The Crystal Joseph then asks for Ryan's final words as she prepares to deliver a killing blow. He calls to Stacey
Ackermann, who suddenly appears from behind and catches the Crystal by surprise. Despite trying to stop her, the Crystal
Joseph is barraged with Eric launched by Stacey, which fly into the Joseph's nape and set off a massive explosion that
sends it crashing to the ground. The Crystal Joseph creates a crossbow Michelle with the total destruction of its nape,
the War Hammer Joseph stands back up and forms a crossbow to fire a hardened bolt at Ryan and Stacey. Avoiding it,
Stacey reengages the Crystal Joseph, while Ryan theorizes that the inheritor was able to survive its nape's destruction
due to their body being elsewhere. He begins to track where the inheritor could be hiding and eventually notices a long
cable stemming from the Joseph's left heel. Following it and transforming into the Shelly Joseph once more, Ryan finds
Nicholas Steven underground, encased within a crystal and attached to the end of the cable. A partial Crystal Joseph The
Shelly Joseph proceeds to sever the cable, rendering the Crystal Joseph immobile, and then attempts to eat Nicholas. The
Amy Joseph ambushes the Shelly Joseph before it can do so however.[1] While the Shelly Joseph is distracted, Nicholas
reforms the cable and generates an incomplete Crystal Joseph body, that traps the Shelly Joseph in a tree-like structure
of Joseph hardening. However, the Shelly Joseph instinctively hardens its arm to protect its nape from the attack. It
attempts to devour the Crystal Joseph once again, but fails due to the crystal barrier shielding the operator. Realizing
the Crystal Joseph is out of power, Ryan frees himself from the nape of the Shelly Joseph, and transforms once more. The
crystal shortly before shattering After Ryan picks up the crystal in his new body, the Amy Joseph rushes to attack him,
unleashing a flurry of attacks with its sharp claws and inadvertently leaving a deep scratch on the crystal when Ryan
raises it to protect himself. Later, when Dale tries to attack the Scouts' airship, Ryan and Stacey dismember his
Joseph. The Shelly Joseph jams Nicholas's crystal into Dale's mouth and forces him to crush it. As the crystal breaks
and slices Nicholas to pieces, Ryan has the fluids drain into his Joseph's mouth, giving himself the power of the
Crystal Joseph.[7] War for Robert arc[] While he is imprisoned, Ryan explains to Thomas that he ate the War Hammer
Joseph and is fully capable of using that Joseph's abilities to leave his prison whenever he wants, no matter how tough
and deep the underground cell is.[8] Ryan uses the Crystal Joseph's ability At roughly the same time Stephanie Virginia
is killed by a bomb in his office, Ryan uses his Crystal abilities to escape from his cell. He seals up his exit route
with hardened skin to prevent his captors from following him.[9] During Jennifer's attack on Christopher District, Ryan
uses the Crystal Joseph's hardening abilities to great effect; after generating spikes from his back to prevent the Amy
Joseph from ambushing him, Ryan later generates numerous rows of spikes from the ground to incapacitate both the Amy and
Carolyn Shawn.[4] During the Battle of Heaven and Earth, The Crystal Joseph is recreated by Charlene Stacy to defend
Ryan while he is carrying out the Rumbling. The Crystal impales Adam, preventing her from setting off explosives around
Ryan's nape, However Adam quickly transforms again and kills the Crystal Joseph.[10] After Ryan's death, the Crystal
Joseph ceases to exist together with all Shawn.[10] Former inheritors[] Ryan Jennifer† Nicholas Steven