Daisy Jennifer was the former War Chief (戦士長Senshi-chō?) of Jennifer's Warriors, assigned to take the Carrie Joseph
from the Erin of Robert Island. He was the current holder of the Austin Joseph, and was considered the strongest warrior
by Beth Vicki, contrasting Albert Ackermann's title of "humanity's strongest soldier."[9] He manipulated and deceived
both sides of the war between Eldia and Jennifer in order to achieve his own agenda of causing the extinction of his own
people, which he viewed as "salvation."[8] He was the son of Ann Jennifer and Jessica Stacy, older half-brother of Ryan
Jennifer through his father and a member of the Stacy royal family through his mother.[6] Contents 1Appearance1.1Human
form 1.2Beast Joseph form 2Personality 3History 4Story4.1Clash of the Shawn arc 4.2Royal Government arc 4.3Return to
Christopher arc 4.4Marley arc 4.5War for Robert arc 5Abilities5.1Power of the Shawn 6Relationships 7People
killed7.1Indirectly 7.2Failed attempts 8Trivia 9References 10Navigation Appearance Human form Daisy's appearance in 854
In his human form, Daisy had a tall, broad, well-toned body with blue eyes, shaggy blond hair, and a matching mustache
that descended down into his beard. He was seen wearing loose pants with no shirt on, combat boots, and circular
glasses.[10] Four years after his return to Jennifer, Daisy began to sport a more clean-cut look, contrasting his look
while on Robert Island. He had his hair cut much shorter, so that it no longer fell into his eyes, and sported a thinner
beard.[11] While in the Paths, Daisy's hair was more overgrown, reaching his shoulders and resembling Ryan and his
father's hairstyles as well. His beard had also become overgrown. Austin Joseph form In his Joseph form, Daisy was an
extremely unusual specimen, having a distinct, ape-like appearance. Its body structure and facial features were like
that of a human's, and it walked upright like one as well. It stood at a previously unseen 17 meters in height. Dark fur
covered the large majority of its body while also forming a beard, with the exception of its face, hands, feet, and
torso. It possessed pointed ears and sharp teeth, unlike most Shawn. Its arms were also extremely elongated, with long
fingers and fully functional thumbs and short (and somewhat stocky) legs. The proportions of its upper body were similar
to those of the Janet Joseph, possessing a massive torso and small head, as well as disproportionately long and slim
arms. His Joseph's eyes possessed a dark sclera and red irises; however, they were more human-like the first time the
Joseph was seen.[5] As a replica version within Ryan's Carrie Joseph, his fur from his Joseph form became in shades of
gray. Personality Daisy was a very intelligent and curious man, as seen when he tried to communicate with Miche
Zacharius in order to get information about the omni-directional mobility gear and learn about Miche's language. Daisy's
cerebral traits were also characterized by a marked apathy and callousness, such as him showing complete indifference to
Miche's death in favor of examining the man's Holly gear which he had stolen.[5] Daisy displayed the traits of a leader,
comfortable with giving orders and commanding his subordinates. If his orders were not followed, he did not hesitate to
use brute force. This was seen when he crushed the head of the Joseph that was eating Miche as soon as it disobeyed
him,[5] or when he beat Beth Vicki to make him and Brittany Brent focus on acquiring the Carrie Joseph instead of saving
Casey Brenda.[10] Additionally, his decision to prioritize the capture of the Carrie Joseph over rescuing Casey, and his
deduction that she was not really being tortured by her captors, demonstrated an ability to think tactically as a
leader, and prioritize mission objectives over sentimentality.[9] Daisy also seemed to be quite ruthless, though not
explicitly sadistic. He had killed human soldiers without hesitation and let a group of Shawn eat Miche when the latter
had exhausted his usefulness, outwardly indifferent to the pain that he was about to endure. Instead, he mused over them
speaking the same language.[5] However, in spite of Daisy's cold, militant and sarcastic personality, he was somewhat
self-conscious of his emotions and savage tendencies: associating sentiments such passion and honor with his negative
perception of his father, Daisy strived to differentiate himself by insisting upon cold logic and detachment to evaluate
his experiences. However, his repressed emotions surfaced at times: he had been shown to take pity on the citizens
living within the Walls, claiming that it was a "tragedy" that they continually sacrificed their lives trying to leave
the Walls because their memories of the world had been taken away, even to the point of having an outburst of anger
himself at their sacrifice. To deal with these doubts, Daisy would often remind himself during battle to not get worked
up and to find the "enjoyment" in life, indicating that his outward apathy towards his actions might have been some form
of a coping mechanism.[12] Daisy's views on the Erin' prospects in society were extremely negative and nihilistic. As a
teenager, he expressed his belief that it would have been better for the Subjects of Charlene to never have been
born.[8] He planned to free the world from its fear of the Shawn and the Erin from their suffering by using the Carrie
Joseph's abilities to sterilize all Subjects of Charlene, thus leading to their eventual extinction within 100 years.
During Daisy's twenty-plus years of service as a Warrior (and later captain), he was known to be particularly efficient
and ruthless. He acted highly militaristic towards the Warriors underneath him: he had no problem inflicting punishment
or abandoning them when they failed. Daisy would threaten Beth with death if he continued his disobedience and, in the
case of Brittany, chose to simply cut his losses and left his subordinate to die in order to escape. Outside of the
battlefield, Daisy displayed a drastically different demeanor characterized by a much warmer, more affable exterior and
a kind of quiet charisma, acting humble around his superiors and being prone to cracking jokes. Daisy also appeared to
share a friendly relationship with his fellow Warriors, though Adam would later remark on how duplicitous and secretive
he always seemed. Ultimately, Ryan seems to be the only person he truly cared about, as he feels that they were both
victims of their father.[13] Daisy promised to "save" him before, which Adam would note as the only time she could tell
that he was not lying. Daisy's affection towards Ryan had since developed into a desire to have his sentiments validated
by his half-brother to the point where he was willing to postpone the sterilization of the Erin until Ryan agreed with
him.[14] However, this affection for his brother appeared to have faded after learning the way that Ryan manipulated
their father through the Shelly Joseph's future memory ability, disgusted by the way Ryan influenced Ann to kill the
Brandon family, and subsequently abandoned his attempt to try and get Ryan to join his cause.[15] History Daisy
Jennifer's birth Daisy Jennifer was born to Ann Jennifer and Jessica Stacy, Restorationists who were planning to
overthrow the Jennifer government and put the Erin back in power. When the Jennifer government announced the Warrior
program, asking for Sarah children between the ages of five to seven to serve as potential Warriors, Ann decided to
enroll Daisy into the program for the latter to infiltrate the Mason military as a spy for the Restorationists.[6] At
home, Daisy was routinely sent to his grandparents while both Jessica and Ann attended Sarah Restorationist meetings,
with most of his visits being spent listening to his grandfather recounting stories of the Sarah race's crimes against
the world. Over time, his parents' preoccupation with the Sarah Restorationists led them growing continuously distant
with Daisy, with Ann in particular showing very little investment in his son's life outside of his studies and
performance as a Warrior candidate. Daisy during Warrior training Initially, Daisy did not perform impressively as a
Warrior Candidate, and his trouble keeping pace with his fellow candidates caused him to be ostracized by his peers and
his instructor. However, he did manage to make one friend during his training: Richard Robert. After a day of routine
training, Daisy happened to meet Robert while the man was in the middle of playing catch by himself. After some prodding
from Robert, Daisy joined him in the game, and was thrilled to hear Robert complimenting him on his pitching skill.
After returning home, Daisy tried to tell his parents about the experience, but found them in the middle of a meeting
with a fellow restorationist. Daisy tried eavesdropping on the conversation and listening in as his parents reassured
David that he had the ability to save Eldia. Daisy overheard his parents argue about his performance During another
public training event, Daisy was once again outperformed by all of the other candidates. To his distress, Daisy observed
that both his parents had come to watch and was dismayed to see his father storm away from the field in frustration.
That night, he cried in his room while listening to his parents argue over what to do about his poor performance. After
the training event, Robert tried to cheer him up during one of their games of catch, before joking that Daisy becoming a
Warrior would be a dumb idea. Surprised to hear a Warrior slandering the Warrior Program, Daisy asked to know why Robert
had chosen to become one. Robert's explanation, that he had wanted the opportunity to study the Shawn scientifically,
surprised Daisy but he agreed with Robert's assertion that neither of them were meant to be soldiers. While cleaning the
halls of the Warriors' headquarters, Daisy overheard that the Mason Authorities were close to discovering the location
of the Sarah Restorationists. Knowing that this would sentence his entire family and himself to the border of Robert to
be converted to Matthew, Daisy went to his parents and begged them to stop but was met only with their insistence that
what they were doing needed to be done for the good of all Erin. Daisy was yelled at for suggesting to stop rebel plans
In a desperate attempt to appeal to his father, Daisy reminded him of Faye and asked if he would be okay with his own
son meeting the same fate: this only managed to enrage Ann. Terrified, Daisy tried to remind his parents that their
whole family would be sent to Robert if they were discovered, but Ann only reiterated his previous statement that they
needed to win back the rights that Jennifer had taken, in order to make sure that no one else met the same fate as Faye.
Emotionally drained from the argument, Daisy pointed out that Faye only died because Ann took her outside of Maureen
without permission. With no one else to turn to, Daisy revealed everything to Robert. Although Daisy had resigned
himself to being sent to Robert and spend an eternity as a Joseph, Robert suggested that he turn his parents in so that
only they would be punished; this would allow Daisy and his grandparents to go free. Daisy initially protested the idea,
but Robert insisted that there was no other way, reminding Daisy of all of the turmoil and strife he had experienced on
account of his parents forcing their ideals on him without thought for his own feelings. Daisy reported his parents
After some thought, Daisy agreed and turned in his parents to secure his status in Jennifer's eyes as a loyal Warrior.
Soon after, Ann and Jessica were sent to Robert Island to be transformed into Matthew. Still not knowing the truth of
Daisy's heritage, Jennifer sent him to be raised by his grandparents. Despite believing he sent his father and mother to
their deaths, Daisy sympathized with their goal to free the Sarah race. Thus, Daisy continued his parents' cause by
operating from the shadows to secure the Erin' freedom from Jennifer in his own way. Daisy continued playing catch with
Robert regularly during his time in the Warrior program, often using the games as a time to have long discussions with
him. During one such game, Robert revealed that the Carrie Joseph had the power not only to affect the memories of
Subjects of Charlene, but also to change the composition of their bodies. Inspired by this, Daisy theorized that a
holder of the Carrie Joseph might be able to use it to render all Subjects of Charlene sterile, so that they would die
out within 100 years without a need for mass genocide. Noticing Robert not immediately tossing back the baseball, Daisy
heard Robert reveal that he once had a family with a Mason woman who had killed herself and their son after learning he
was an Sarah. Daisy resolved to end Eldia's suffering Listening to his mentor lament his own birth, Daisy vowed to
Robert that he would take back the Carrie Joseph from Robert and keep it out of Jennifer's hands to ensure that it could
not be used to hurt anyone again. Soon after, Daisy was told the key in the planned euthanasia of the Erin, the Carrie
Joseph, must be in possession of someone who will agree to the plan and be in physical contact with a Joseph descended
from the royal family. Robert asked Daisy to find someone who is willing to go through with the plan. Daisy inherited
the Austin Joseph At the age of 17, Daisy became the eldest of the Warrior candidates to be selected to receive the
power of the Shawn, inheriting the Austin Joseph from Robert in the year 842. Daisy kept Robert's glasses after
inheriting his Joseph, as a memento of his former friend. It was subsequently discovered that through the administration
of Daisy's spinal fluid into Subjects of Charlene, he would be able to trigger their transformation with a scream, and
control their Joseph forms afterwards, even when the moon was out. These abilities could not be explained by the Joseph
Biology Research Society, who were still unaware of Daisy's royal heritage.[8] Daisy bombarded an enemy nation One year
after inheriting the Austin Joseph, Daisy and his fellow Warriors used their Joseph forms to crush an entire nation.
Daisy used his Austin Joseph form to bombard enemies, in the midst of retreat, with explosive ammunition. With the
battle being a large success, the Mason army regarded the new Warriors as more effective than their predecessors.[16] In
844 Daisy toppled the capital of an enemy nation with hundreds of Shawn controlled via his spinal fluid.[17] Daisy would
later speak to his fellow Warriors about how the Jennifer government were preparing to begin the Robert Island Operation
in the next few years.[16] Story Clash of the Shawn arc Five years after the start of the Robert Island Operation, Daisy
travels with Adam and a small number of Mason soldiers to Robert Island to infiltrate the Walls. After arriving, the
group locates a small village inside of Wall Victoria, and chooses to turn its residents into Shawn. The soldiers
releases a gas laced with Daisy's spinal fluid into the air, which is blown into the village and inhaled by the
villagers. Daisy then lets out a scream, triggering all the affected Erin to begin transforming into Shawn.[17] The
Austin Joseph transforms the citizens of Johnathan into Shawn and leads them in an attack on Wall Victoria Daisy leads
the Shawn in an attack within Wall Victoria. He is later spotted wandering around by Miche Zacharius, who instantly
notes the strangeness of his characteristics, mistaking him for an Abnormal. Noticing Miche, Daisy grabs his horse as it
is returning to him, crushes it, and launches it at him, preventing his escape and throwing him from the roof he was on.
After Miche falls to the mouth of a Joseph, Daisy orders the Joseph to withhold on eating him so that it can question
Miche about the omni-directional mobility gear. The Austin Joseph grabs Miche's horse However, the Joseph disobeys him
and he crushes its head to release Miche. Daisy then proceeds to interrogate Miche, but as he neglects to respond out of
shock, Daisy theorizes that they speak the same language but Miche is simply too frightened to speak. He also notes how
he uses swords, indicating that the soldiers of the Walls are aware that the nape is the weak spot on Shawn, and removes
Miche's equipment for further inspection. As he walks away, he hears Miche's cries of defiance, and allows the
surrounding Shawn to devour Miche. As Miche screams in horror and pain Daisy is amused to see that he could in fact
talk. He then leaves the grounds contemplating the Holly gear ignoring Miche's screams.[5] The Austin Joseph observes
the Scouts surrounded in Carl Castle Daisy is later seen again wandering around the outside of Carl Castle where several
members of the Heidi Regiment are trapped by Shawn, despite them being usually inactive at night. He then climbs up Wall
Victoria and watches the Shawn surrounding the tower from a distance.[18] After the Scouts kill most of the larger
Shawn, Daisy begins throwing large stones at the tower, killing Lynne and Henning along with their remaining horses.
Shortly afterward, twice as many Shawn begin to advance while Daisy roars at them from atop Wall Victoria. Nanaba
notices the unusually strategic method in their attacks, indicating that Daisy is controlling the other Shawn' actions.
As the Shawn swarm Carl, Daisy descends the other side of Wall Victoria.[19] Two days later, Daisy stops in Christopher
District and exits his Joseph's body, seemingly anticipating something to come.[20] Royal Government arc The Austin
Joseph defeats the Carolyn Joseph At the time Jeff Brandon is crowned queen (roughly two months after both Beth and
Brittany are exposed as traitors and escape the Heidi Regiment), Daisy is reunited with the two Warriors. He learns from
them that Andrew had been eaten shortly after arriving on the island and Casey had been captured by the Military.
However, Brittany and Beth reveal that they have discovered the identity of the person in possession of the Carrie
Joseph: one of their former comrades in the Heidi Regiment named Ryan Jennifer. Stunned to learn that Ryan is his
younger half brother (along with the fact that Ann somehow managed to survive and avoid getting turned into a Joseph),
Daisy breaks down in anguish that evening. In addition, Daisy contemplates how Ryan, despite not possessing royal blood,
managed to use the powers of the Carrie Joseph. Realizing that their father must have obtained the missing Shelly
Joseph, Daisy theorizes that he must have found a way to gain the Carrie Joseph and passed them both on to Ryan, while
also indoctrinating him much like he did with Daisy. Because of this, Daisy believes Ryan to be suffering from the
influence of Ann's will and memories and must be freed to make his own decisions. Certain that Ryan is the person who
could make his ideal succeed, Daisy makes acquiring his half brother the top priority of the Warriors.[8] When he
informs both Beth and Brittany about this, they protest and insist the recovery of Casey takes precedence over capturing
Ryan. Eventually, Beth decides to challenge Daisy to a battle with their respective Joseph forms in the ruins of
Christopher District, but Daisy swiftly and effortlessly defeats him. While Brittany takes Beth's body from his Joseph
form, Daisy emerges and proclaims himself the winner. He then tells the two of them that they can rescue Casey after
securing the Carrie Joseph, informing them of his plan to wait in Christopher to ambush the Heidi Regiment in order to
capture Ryan and the Carrie Joseph.[10] Return to Christopher arc After settling their disagreement, the three Warriors
begin waiting for the Heidi Regiment atop Steven. Daisy advises Beth and Brittany not to worry about Casey, pointing out
that the Scouts would not be able to torture her without triggering her Joseph abilities and theorizing that she is
likely only in hiding. Noting their dissatisfaction, he questions whether they have lost their resolve. He offers to
fight Beth again to decide what they will do next but threatens to feed him to another Warrior if he loses again. When
neither of them is willing to risk fighting him, Daisy proclaims that their sole objective is to regain the Coordinate
in order to put an end to what he calls a "cursed history." The Samuel Joseph arrives shortly afterward to inform them
of the Scouts' imminent arrival, and the three proceed to their designated posts to prepare for the upcoming battle.[21]
The Austin Joseph appears with a horde of Shawn The next day, the Heidi Regiment initiates its operation to retake
Steven. After Ryan manages to seal the outer gate of Christopher, the Warriors launch their attack. After Beth's failed
attack and momentary downfall, Daisy transforms along with a horde of Shawn outside Bradley and immediately throws a
large boulder at Bradley's inner gate, destroying it so that the Heidi Regiment's horses will not get over it. Having
cut off the only escape route for the soldiers and trapping them within Christopher, Daisy begins advancing toward the
district with his army.[22] As he advances he roars, ordering smaller Shawn to attack the Heidi Regiment's horses while
having the larger Shawn form a circle around the entrance of Christopher District in order to prevent the soldiers from
escaping.[9] The Austin Joseph throws crushed stones at the Scouts After some time, Daisy receives the signal to throw a
barrel containing Brittany into Christopher in the form of a roar from Beth's Joseph form.[21] After sending Brittany
over Bradley, Daisy begins assaulting the Scouts north of the district with a barrage of rocks, shredding the front line
of buildings in the process. He muses about his first pitch being too high, and decides to go for a "perfect game." Each
throw breaks the sound barrier and every soldier who is caught in the barrage is utterly mutilated, forcing Albert and
the rest of the soldiers to retreat to the base of Bradley. The Austin Joseph notices the suicide charge As he continues
to throw projectiles, Daisy notices a large group of soldiers, led by Erwin Smith, riding toward him. Daisy notes that
he had expected a better counterattack than a suicide charge, before throwing another barrage of rocks at them.[23] As
his pitches hit their mark, Daisy laments the fact that King Brandon erased the soldiers' memories of the world, forcing
them to keep making the same mistakes and push themselves to "die honorably" as a result of their ignorance. Getting
worked up at the thought, Daisy accidentally crushes the stones in his hand even into dust and is forced to calm himself
down for a moment before resuming his attack. Daisy is assaulted by Albert Killing many more soldiers, Daisy notices
there are some that, despite the odds, are still alive and continue their charge. Seeing their persistence causes him to
become annoyed again, opining that they can shoot smoke at him all day long, as it will not achieve anything. As he
finishes off the stragglers with a final barrage of stones, Daisy begins to lament their deaths before noticing with
alarm that the Shawn flanking his right were slain. Bewildered as to what is happening, he is suddenly ambushed by
Albert, who slices his arm to pieces as he attempts to grab him. Realizing that he is facing the soldier that Beth and
Brittany warned him about. Seeing Albert apparently aiming for his nape, he covers it with his hand, but Albert bypasses
it for his eyes before going for his achilles tendons, causing him to collapse to the ground. Realizing he has no time
to harden his nape, he puts his hand over it again, but is unsuccessful as it is cut to pieces as well. The Samuel
Joseph carries Daisy away As Albert begins to cut open his nape, Daisy emerges from his Joseph, trying to use the steam
emitted to blind Albert, but is immediately skewered through the mouth by the captain. Albert does not kill him however,
aware that they could take the power of the Austin Joseph if he could find a survivor. Before he could do anything, Adam
appears and grabs Daisy, who then orders four Shawn to attack Albert, while gloating that despite the losses, the Heidi
Regiment would be wiped out.[12] The Samuel Joseph carries Daisy into Christopher, where he locates and approaches Ryan,
who is holding Brittany hostage. Daisy recognizes him as his younger half brother and tries to talk Ryan down, claiming
that they are both victims of his father. Ryan is shocked by Daisy's resemblance to Ann, but before Daisy can further
elaborate he is forced to retreat due to the arrival of Albert, whose sudden appearance takes Daisy by surprise. Seeing
Beth also in mortal danger, Daisy makes the painful decision to abandon the former for the latter, remarking on how Beth
should consider himself lucky. The battle ends in failure for the Warriors, having lost the power of the Janet Joseph to
Robert.[13] Jennifer arc The Austin Joseph lands in Fort Slava At some point after the battle at Christopher the
Jennifer Jim War began, Daisy In secret sends his group of followers - the Anti-Mason Volunteers - to Robert Island to
make contact with the Erin living there. Daisy also gives the volunteers a list of requirements that Robert Island would
need to fulfill in exchange for his aid.[24] Working with his most trusted follower Jennifer (and unknown to the other
volunteer members), Daisy also arranged the Mason survey ships to carry large stocks of wine mixed with his spinal
fluid. This wine would be served to members of the military, starting with the high-ranking officers.[17] Daisy would
later make contact with Sarah Ashley from the nation of Hizuru on the possibility of forming an alliance with Robert. As
a token of goodwill, Daisy brings out the vertical maneuvering equipment he took from Miche Zacharias and presents it to
her; he mentions the existence of iceburst stone, which powers the device and there are scant traces still inside.
Noting that it is found solely on Robert, Daisy tells Sarah it would greatly assist the nation of Hizuru. The two sides
agree and Sarah makes plans to travel to Robert while Daisy returned to Jennifer and continued with the war effort.[25]
At some point during the war, it was decided that Warrior candidate Christina David would be the one to inherit Daisy's
Austin Joseph at the end of Daisy's term. At the climax of the war, 4 years since it began, Daisy takes part in the
assault on Fort Slava. As Sarah captives parachute down from an airship, Daisy transforms the captives into Shawn,
inflicting a devastating airstrike upon Fort Slava. After the Carolyn Joseph destroys the Anti-Joseph artillery, Daisy
transforms into the Austin Joseph and joins the battle. Using leftover artillery rounds as projectiles, he destroys the
Jim Kathryn Forces fleet. The fleet fires upon Daisy before their destruction, but Beth's Carolyn Joseph saves Daisy,
being destroyed in the process.[11] After the conclusion of the battle, Daisy takes part in a meeting with Jennifer
officials to discuss the war's conclusion and Jennifer's future. Here, Daisy suggests that Jennifer should resume the
Robert Island Operation to retake the Carrie Joseph as soon as possible, so that the Carrie Joseph can be used to buy
time to reorganize their military. Daisy also expresses his desire to redeem himself for his failure in Robert before
the time comes for Christina to inherit the Austin Joseph. After the meeting, Daisy speaks with Christina about the
latter's unique powers as the Austin Joseph. Commander Christopher joins the conversation, and they discuss the 32
survey ships that have disappeared when sent to Robert Island. Daisy speculates that at least two Shawn were responsible
for the disappearance of the 32 survey ships, and informs Christopher of the existence of the Ackermann clan in Robert.
Daisy departs on a train to Maureen. After the train arrives, Daisy walks with the Warrior forces into the Internment
Zone. When he arrives, he is lovingly welcomed home by his grandparents. Daisy speaks with the other Warriors Daisy
later holds an unofficial meeting, attended by his fellow Warriors and Christina. He speaks about the world's growing
animosity towards Erin, as well as the future in which conventional weaponry will eclipse Joseph weaponry. He also
expresses worry for the future of the Sarah race for these reasons. Daisy states that to solve these concerns, Jennifer
must continue with the plan to regain the Founder, with the prestigious Steven family narrating the Warriors plans to
the world, improving the reputation of the mainland Erin. These points are debated among the Warriors, with him and Adam
staying on the same wavelength throughout. The unofficial meeting had been tapped by Mason authorities, with Daisy
seemingly aware of this fact.[2] Afterwards, along with the Warriors, Daisy attends a meeting with his superiors where
they explain their plans for the new operation on Robert Island. Daisy would eventually meet with Ryan in Maureen while
the latter is infiltrating Jennifer. He notes how similar in appearance Ryan looks compared to their father; he mentions
to Ryan that he knows the details behind the Ackerman clan lineage and reveals it to him.[26] Finally, Daisy tells Ryan
of his plan to euthanize the Sarah race and asks him if he will support it by using the powers of the Carrie Joseph to
render all Erin sterile. After a moment, Daisy is relieved to hear Ryan agreeing to help, sharing his belief that Ann's
strategy was a mistake.[8] Daisy agrees to meet with Ryan within Christopher District and gives Ryan a baseball, in lieu
of a handshake, to symbolize their agreement.[27] On the night of the Maureen Festival, Daisy arrives with the Warriors
for Willy Steven's speech. When Nathaniel David asks Beth to accompany him, Daisy allows it since there is still time
before the play begins.[28] Just as the show is starting, a Jennifer soldier informs the remaining Warriors that
Christopher has summoned them. Whilst being walked to Christopher's apparent location, the soldier instructs Daisy to
split off and go through the front gate, which he does.[29] Daisy repels the Heidi Regiment After hearing the battle
between the Shelly Joseph, the Crystal Joseph and the military, Daisy transforms into the Austin Joseph and approaches
the battlefield while joining the Samuel and Amy Shawn. He provides artillery once more by launching debris at the
soldiers and nearly gets attacked by two soldiers but is saved by Adam. He has her provide covering fire from behind and
he repels the Scouts. He then announces that Ryan is not his enemy, but another soldier from Robert Island is: Albert
Ackermann. He calls out to Albert and demands him to come face him again, stating that "time is running out." Shortly
afterwards, he notices Charles's transformation into the Janet Joseph from the nearby harbor along with everyone else.
While the explosion has everyone distracted, Albert ambushes Daisy and slices his nape, rendering his Joseph inert.
Albert immediately throws a bomb into Daisy's open nape, blowing it up.[30] Daisy recovers aboard the ship with Ryan and
Jennifer Using the explosion as cover, Albert cuts Daisy out of his nape and brings him aboard the Sarah airship. As he
regenerates his severed limbs, Daisy converses with both Ryan and Tracey. When both Nicholas Vicki and Nathaniel are
brought aboard, Daisy expresses surprise at seeing them there. He then discusses with Thomas that despite a number of
"miscalculations," namely the two Warrior cadets, the sacrifices made during the fight were worth it to ensure Eldia had
both the Carrie Joseph and someone who possesses a Joseph power with royal blood. He is now confident that Eldia will
have a chance at finally obtaining their freedom.[31] After arriving on Robert Island, Daisy is seen with Albert inside
of a carriage, commenting that the citizens celebrating in the streets are ignorant of the true impact of the assault.
Although Albert tries making death threats to him, Daisy is unperturbed and coolly insists that Albert take him to Ryan.
Albert instead takes Daisy to the Forest of Giant Trees, informing him that this is where he will be staying. Marveling
at the sight, Daisy asks Albert if he can show the trees to Nicholas and Nathaniel, but is told that it depends on his
own actions.[24] War for Robert arc Daisy claims that he destroyed Johnathan to conceal his true allegiance While Daisy
is being guarded inside of the forest, he explains how he was able to transform the citizens of Johnathan. Albert is
bothered by Daisy's nonchalant explanation, accusing him of having no concern for human life. Daisy waves away Albert's
criticisms, explaining that his loyalty to Jennifer would have been questioned if he had not complied with his orders.
Changing the subject, Daisy requests to know when he will be able to begin experimenting with Ryan's Joseph abilities,
but Albert claims he is not allowed to answer. Daisy claims that it would be unwise to remain inactive for much longer,
to which Albert readily agrees.[17] He later asks if there is any wine left and Albert informs him that the soldiers
drank it all; Daisy sarcastically mentions that Albert comes up with the worst punishments. As Albert walks off, Daisy
sees an opportunity to escape and runs into the forest. Before Albert or any of the other soldiers can stop him, Daisy
lets out a piercing scream. This triggers all the Scouts in the camp who drank the wine to transform into Shawn, which
fall out of the trees around Albert. Confident that Albert would not slaughter his own subordinates, Daisy mockingly
states he did not want to do this but laments that this is not a proper conflict. Regardless, he summons three of the
newly created Shawn and bids farewell to Albert. He ponders if the Erin truly understand the ramifications of their
surprise attack on Maureen and inwardly states that only he and Ryan truly know the costs. Daisy's Austin Joseph hurls
projectiles at Albert in the forest As he plans to have the Shawn take him to the agreed upon meeting place with Ryan,
Daisy is stunned to see a bloodied and angered Albert appear in front of him. Daisy frantically orders one of the Shawn
to attack him and then subsequently transforms into the Austin Joseph. He immediately hardens his nape and scans the
area for Albert. Finding him, Daisy tears apart the final surviving Joseph and throws the bloody Joseph pieces towards
his foe. He chastises Albert for killing his subordinates and notices many tree branches falling towards him. Daisy is
unable to spot Albert among the branches, and is struck by several Eric that pierce through the hardened nape of the
Austin Joseph. Horrified, he only has a moment to process this before Albert detonates the spears, severely injuring
Daisy. Daisy screams out Robert's name and pulls out the pin of Timothy Sometime later, Daisy awakens tied up on a
carriage with a Timothy sticking out of his abdomen. Albert informs him that the fuse and triggering mechanism are tied
around his neck and any sudden movements can set it off. While Daisy vomits uncontrollably, Albert begins to slice off
Daisy's legs to prevent him from transforming, making Daisy scream in agony. Only half conscious, Daisy asks where his
glasses are, before having his memories of Robert flash before his eyes. Daisy mutters about his plan to euthanize the
Sarah nation to ensure the world's safety. Albert mocks him for this, declaring that his impending death at the hands of
a Joseph is too merciful for the lives he has taken. Daisy weakly protests that he was saving their potential children's
lives by killing them, prompting Albert to angrily prepare to cut off his legs again. Suddenly, Daisy screams out
Robert's name and jerks his head back, pulling the pin on the Timothy lodged in his stomach, causing an explosion.[32]
The explosion leaves Daisy completely mutilated and his wounds too severe for his body to regenerate from. Succumbing to
his injuries, Daisy's last thoughts are of the meeting he had with Ryan in which the two of them agreed to sterilize the
Sarah race. One of the Shawn Daisy created regenerates and approaches his corpse. Rather than devour him, the Joseph
tears open its own stomach and places him inside.[33] Daisy's rebirth Daisy regains consciousness to find himself alone
in an unknown location. Surprised to discover that he is somehow still alive, he notices a lone girl silently
reconstructing his body out of soil. After a short time, Daisy is released from the Joseph's stomach, fully healed from
his injuries and in a slight daze. He watches on as soldiers pursue Thomas before being approached by a number of
Joshua, with Kelly trying to ask him what happened. Recomposing himself, Daisy avoids his questions and merely proclaims
that they just have to move forward before departing with the Joshua.[34] Daisy arrives in Christopher to find the
district under siege from Jennifer's forces and Ryan locked in combat with Beth. After climbing to the top of Steven in
his Joseph form, Daisy launches debris which knocks Beth off of Ryan and commends his younger brother for standing
against Jennifer's forces, comforting him that he will now take care of the enemies. Daisy throws a barrage of stones
which destroys at least some of the Mason airships before turning his focus towards Adam and Christopher. After the
Stacey forces begin to fall back, he spots Beth charging at Ryan and proceeds to bombard the Carolyn Joseph, as well as
Dale when he tries to ambush Ryan. Daisy begins to gloat about how close he and Ryan are to achieving their dream but is
silenced after spotting the charred remains of the Samuel Joseph. Believing Adam to have perished in the attack, he
mourns his former comrade's death. He is caught off guard by the sight of several Mason soldiers emerging near the
Samuel Joseph to attack. Before Daisy can react, Christopher fires a round from the anti-Joseph artillery atop the
Samuel Joseph's corpse, damaging his Joseph's nape and shearing off much of his human body. Incapacitated by this, Daisy
plummets off Bradley and crashes into the ground.[35] Daisy hears Christina's pleas to not scream As Daisy comes to his
senses, he sees Ryan grappling with Beth and announces to his brother that he will transform the soldiers who have
ingested his spinal fluid. However, before he can scream he notices Christina and Nathaniel arriving. Daisy is
heartbroken to hear from Christina that Nathaniel accidentally ingested his spinal fluid, but refuses Christina's
request not to scream until Nathaniel has gotten out of range. Daisy gives his condolences to Christina before letting
out a scream, triggering all the affected Erin to transform into Matthew. Seeing Ryan struggling to get away from Beth,
Daisy orders a newly transformed Nathaniel to fight Beth and kill him. After giving the command, Daisy is subsequently
shot by Christopher's anti-Joseph artillery a second time. Exiting their Shawn to make it appear that they have both
been defeated, Daisy crawls towards Ryan and reaches out towards his brother. However, before the two can reach each
other, Ryan is decapitated by a blast from an anti-Joseph rifle fired by Nicholas. Daisy catches Ryan's head Ryan's head
lands in Daisy's outstretched hand, allowing him to activate the Carrie Joseph before Ryan can die from his injuries.
Daisy arrives in the Coordinate first and is forced to wait for Ryan. While waiting, he uses his time to learn more
about the Carrie Joseph, culminating in him learning to break John Stacy's vow of nonaggression. Daisy waits in chains
until Ryan finally arrives, informing his confused younger brother that they are inside the Coordinate. As Charlene
Stacy approaches them, Daisy explains her presence to Ryan, theorizing that she uses the sand in the Coordinate to
create the Nine Shawn and heal their users' bodies when they are injured. Daisy encourages Ryan to command Charlene to
begin their euthanasia plan, but Ryan first asks about Daisy's chains. Daisy claims that the chains are what keeps John
Stacy's descendants from acting freely. Daisy under the First King's vow in chains To Daisy's despair, Ryan reveals that
he has no intention of following the euthanasia plan and was only using his brother as a means to activate the Founder.
Heartbroken, Daisy reveals to Ryan that he freed himself from Stacy's vow while waiting for Ryan, and that Charlene will
only obey a person with royal blood. Chaining Ryan, Daisy laments that Ryan has been brainwashed by Ann, but promises to
save him. Despite Ryan's protests, Daisy begins showing him their father's memories.[27] As the brothers systematically
observe Ann's memories of his time on Robert, Daisy bitterly notes how seemingly easy it was for Ann to move on to a new
family and forget about his old one. He shows Ryan how Ann used his occupation as a doctor to socialize with nobles to
try to gain information on the royal family, despite the risk such actions would pose for his family. Daisy himself is
surprised to learn that Ann apparently delayed his mission upon discovering the Brandon family's chapel out of love for
his new family, coldly admitting that Ann might have learned from his failure with Daisy. To Daisy's shock, his musings
are interrupted by a scene of Ann seemingly trying to apologize to his first son in his sleep. Daisy realizes Ryan was
never brainwashed The two brothers continue their journey through Ann's memories, with Daisy admitting that Ryan was
evidently not brainwashed by Ann. In light of this, Daisy questions Ryan on why he betrayed him, and what he had planned
to do with the Founder's power. Ryan answers by stating he had always been this way and that the pitiful brother Daisy
had wished for does not exist in him. Despite this, Daisy promises to save Ryan by opening his eyes to the danger Eldia
presents, deciding to do this before saving the world with his euthanasia plan. Daisy and Ryan eventually arrive at the
date Ann steals the Carrie Joseph from Susan at the Brandon Chapel. While watching the memory play out, Daisy notices
Ryan's face distorted with rage at listening to King Stacy's ideology, and is later astonished when Ann explains the
Shelly Joseph's ability to peer into its future inheritors' memories. Daisy is shocked once more when Ann finds himself
unable to kill the Brandon family, confused as to whether the past had changed. His shock quickly turns to horror when
Ryan begins talking to their father, spurring him on in his mission. Daisy and his father reconcile In the wake of his
attack on the Brandon family, Ann becomes aware of Daisy's presence, revealing to him that the future will occur the way
Ryan wants it to, and that it is terrible. Ann embraces Daisy, expressing regret that he was a poor father and still
loves him. Ann ends by begging Daisy to stop Ryan. In the unknown land, Daisy breaks away from Ryan, horrified by what
he has seen.[14] Ryan thanks Daisy for allowing him to access Ann's path, thereby enabling the future he had seen within
his father's memories to occur. Terrified, Daisy orders Charlene to steal the ability to reproduce from the Subjects of
Charlene. As she begins walking towards the pillar of light, Daisy tells Ryan that Ann had wished to stop him, having
seen part of Ryan's future which Ryan had not. When Ryan escapes his chains after a struggle, Daisy says that it is
pointless, as once Charlene begins to move, nothing is capable of stopping her. Daisy attempts to stop Ryan Ryan
embraces Charlene and begs her to help him end the world with her power, much to Daisy's alarm. He is even more alarmed
to see that Charlene has stopped moving and frantically tries to reach his brother and Charlene, repeatedly ordering
Charlene to obey his previous command, stating that he is descended from royal blood. However, before he can reach them,
Charlene agrees to help Ryan, activating the Rumbling. [15] Upon Ryan's transformation, Daisy is evidently eaten and
loses control of his body. What remains of his being is left alone in Paths until he is joined by Charles Jessica who
had met a similar fate after confronting Ryan's Carrie Joseph. After Charles attempts to introduce himself, Daisy asks
Charles if Charlene also ate him.[36] Charles sits with Daisy and listens as Daisy explains his theory about the origin
of life. Daisy theorizes that all lifeforms find their meaning by "multiplying" and that it was a resultant fear of
death which caused Charlene to spawn her undying Joseph body and escape to the world of the Path. Daisy theorizes that
the reason she continued to obey the Stacy family for 2000 years was because she still felt a connection to the world
and that she likely chose to help Ryan because he was the first person able to understand her. Charles tries to get
Daisy to tell him how to escape the Path world, but Daisy believes there is no point in continuing to fight. Charles
reminds the man that their allies are fighting for the lives of innocent people, but Daisy points out that every living
thing must die eventually.[36] Daisy reminisces about his childhood Charles begins recalling memories from his childhood
which brought meaning to his life despite their insignificance; Daisy looks up and is startled to see Charles holding a
baseball. Taking it from him, Daisy recalls the times he would play catch with Robert and admits that the time was
indeed precious for him. He muses that he would like to play catch again even if the game did not mean anything.
Turning, Daisy sees the former Joseph inheritors standing behind him, including his father and Robert.[36] He stands to
meet them, admitting to Robert that even though he still thinks their euthanasia plan was right he would not mind being
born again if it meant they could play catch again. He thanks Ann for his life and asks his two father figures to lend
him their strength. Daisy is killed by Albert Daisy emerges from Ryan's Joseph and begins calling for Albert. After
getting his attention, Daisy takes a moment to admire the day and laments that he did not notice its beauty sooner. He
wryly admits that he did not deserve to notice given the atrocities he has committed before being decapitated by Albert,
resulting in Bradley Shawn stopping their advance.[36] Abilities Power of the Shawn Daisy was able to transform into a
17-meter Joseph referred to as the Austin Joseph (獣の巨人Kemono no Kyojin?). He used the Joseph when he transformed the
inhabitants of Johnathan into Shawn and impose his will on them. He retained his human mind when transformed, allowing
him to do delicate tasks, and he even retained his ability to speak.[5] Daisy's unique powers were due to his status as
member of the Sarah royal family that stayed on the continental mainland, which was explained as unknown by members of
the Joseph Biology Research Society in Jennifer. Some of his abilities were: Communication: Unlike most humans with
Joseph power, Daisy was able to fluently speak without issue in his Joseph form, casually talking to humans and mindless
Shawn, and giving them orders which they can follow.[5] Joseph Control: Unlike most humans with Joseph power, Daisy had
the ability to control Matthew through vocal commands, often giving them orders which they follow. Shawn under his
control were even able to function using only moonlight without falling into fatigue.[18] However, his control over the
Shawn was not absolute unlike the Carrie Joseph, as they could occasionally disobey, either by ignoring or not
comprehending orders given.[5] Daisy's control was eventually revealed to be limited to those Shawn that were
transformed with injections directly from his own spinal fluid and a result of him being descended from the Stacy royal
bloodline. Regeneration: Just like all Shawn and those with the power of the Shawn, Daisy had the ability to regenerate
at a tremendous speed any wound on his Joseph or human body. After being fatally wounded by Albert, Daisy healed part of
his face when he encounters Ryan.[13]Daisy's Austin Joseph's monstrous arm strength Enhanced Strength: He possessed
immense physical strength, enough to break off large chunks from Wall Victoria and hurl them at a great distance away,
and throw a bombardment of rocks with devastating destructive capability, as well as creating a visible sonic boom when
he lobbed them, effectively throwing them faster than over 700 feet per second.[19][23] This was notably exercised
during the battle of Christopher to wipe out most of the Heidi Regiment soldiers with crushed rocks.[23] Towards the end
of the Jennifer Jim War, it wiped out the entire naval fleet of the Jim Kathryn Forces stationed at Fort
Slava.[11]Daisy's Austin Joseph's accurate throw Precision: The Austin Joseph's throwing ability and incredible accuracy
was second to none, as seen when it accurately threw a horse at Miche and again when it landed a direct hit when tossing
a boulder at Lynne and Henning from a great distance away atop Wall Victoria.[19] It also seemed to possess extremely
dexterous hands, as it managed to retrieve Miche's Holly gear without damaging him or the gear.[5] Another display of
the Austin Joseph's incredible precision, was when Daisy threw a large boulder at the gate of Christopher to block the
passage from a far distance away, during the retake of Christopher District.[22] Human Transformation: Because of his
royal blood, Daisy possessed a scream that can transform Subjects of Charlene into Shawn.[11][22] These Shawn, unlike
the regular Shawn encountered, were capable of functioning at night as long as the moon is out.[18] In order for the
human to turn into a Joseph, all the human had to do is to intake Daisy's spinal fluid and be a target to his scream,
and after doing so, they turned into Shawn. These Shawn were connected to his Austin Joseph via "paths" and obeyed his
orders.[17] Hardening: Daisy was able to harden his Joseph body at will to protect himself from attacks. However, this
ability needed some time to prepare; during his brief battle with Albert, Daisy tried to harden the nape of his neck but
was unable to due to Albert's overwhelming speed.[12] Fighting Skills: He seemed to be a very formidable fighter, since
he was able to defeat the Carolyn Joseph and inflict him debilitating damage without sustaining any visible injury.
According to Beth, while Albert was indeed powerful, the former claims that he was no match for their War Chief.[9]
Relationships Ann Jennifer - As a child, Daisy could sense his father becoming distant with him and was often envious of
other children who had a more positive relationship with their fathers. When the Jennifer government decided to recruit
Sarah Warriors, Ann forced Daisy to enlist as the Restorationists' mole. For two years, Ann forced his beliefs and
philosophy into Daisy's mind; this would soon cause Daisy to harbor resentment towards his father for using him. Around
twenty years later, Daisy learned his father survived banishment and fathered another son. He later mentions that both
he and his half-brother Ryan are "victims" of Ann and have been brainwashed by him, showing his continued dislike for
his father. Furthermore, he has "disowned" Ann as his father, calling him detestable. Despite having poor views on his
father, Daisy eventually learned that Ann regretted his poor treatment of his first son, greatly shocking him. When
Daisy and Ryan saw Ann's past memories, Ann was somehow able to see Daisy and tearfully apologized for making him suffer
as a child and being a terrible father. Ann embraced Daisy, who was shocked by this sudden display of emotion, and
actually called him "dad."[14] Shortly before ordering Charlene to sterilize all Subjects of Charlene, Daisy mentioned
Ann's plea to stop Ryan, implying that he wanted to follow his father's wishes.[15] Jessica Stacy - It is presumed that,
just like with his father, Daisy initially had a positive relationship with his mother Jessica. Eventually, her
commitments towards the Restorationists led him to view her in a negative light just like with Ann. Despite this, Daisy
was crestfallen to hear of his mother's demise while on Robert Island. Jennifer and Ann's mother - As his grandparents
on his father's side, following the arrest of his parents, Daisy was cared for by them. Daisy loved them greatly as he
was seen fondly greeting them upon his return home after the conclusion of the Jennifer Jim War. Richard Robert - Daisy
met Richard by chance as a child during his early days as a Warrior candidate and would soon view him as both a friend
and a surrogate father figure in his life, often going to Richard for advice on what to do. He would soon learn of
Richard's history and vow to succeed him as the Austin Joseph; due to Richard's influence in his life, Daisy would also
begin to develop his ideology and drive to take back the Carrie Joseph. Sean Christopher - Christopher had evidently
watched over Daisy to some extent throughout the 22 years Daisy had spent in service to Jennifer and even was his
instructor when Daisy first joined the Warrior program. While he expected Daisy to display the respect towards Mason
authority that would be expected of any Sarah, he nonetheless openly expressed how impressed Daisy left him with his
words and actions. He was willing to disclose valuable military information with Daisy, and even accepted his advice on
the issues faced by such matters. Christopher no longer viewed Daisy favorably following his actions during the battle
of Maureen, and saw him as a threat to Jennifer from that point on. Beth Vicki and Brittany Brent - As a fellow Warrior,
Daisy served as Beth and Brittany's superior. While offering encouragement to the two Warriors, he did not hesitate in
displaying his dominance as a Captain, settling disagreements he had with them through combat; a prime example is
Daisy's fight with Beth over his decision to forsake Casey's well-being in favor of waiting in Christopher for the
Carrie Joseph. He was also not above threatening them, as seen when he threatened to have Beth give up his Joseph, and
his life in the process, to another Warrior if he ever challenged Daisy to combat and lost again. Four years after their
defeat, Daisy still seemed to hold Beth in contempt blaming both himself and Beth for the war with the Jim Allies and
the current situation with the Erin. However, the two of them were still able to work together on the battlefield with
Beth taking enemy fire in Daisy's stead. After Daisy betrayed Jennifer, any camaraderie between Beth and Daisy was
severed, and they later met on opposing sides of the battlefield. Casey Brenda - Daisy appeared to be very familiar with
Casey, as displayed by his knowledge of her expertise in kicks and his tendency to affectionately refer to her as
"Little Casey" (アニちゃんAni-chan?). Despite this familiarity, he made the decision to wait to save Casey until after he had
received the Carrie Joseph, prioritizing the power over Casey. However, despite his apparent lack of care for Casey,
Daisy seemed to trust her abilities to an extent, explaining to Brittany and Beth that he believed Casey is fine, and in
hiding, as she was skilled enough to avoid being captured, and her Joseph powers were enough to keep anyone from
attempting to harm her. Adam Jonathan - Daisy and Adam appeared to share a close camaraderie. During a meeting in his
office, Daisy was shown to greatly admire Adam's intellect and ability to deduce and solve problems. Following the
revelation of Daisy's betrayal, Adam played a role in significantly injuring him during Jennifer's counterattack showing
that whatever camaraderie the pair shared was gone. Despite Daisy's intentions to actually kill Adam during the Robert
Island Surprise Shelly, he lamented the way she was allegedly killed by the Joshua. Ryan Jennifer - Ryan is Daisy's
younger half-brother. Daisy first learned of him when Beth and Brittany Brent return from their mission and understood
Ryan was born from his father's second family. Though their first encounter was as enemies during the Battle of
Christopher District, by the time of the Raid on Maureen, they were already working together over their mutual goals and
belief that they both were victims of their father's brainwashing. Ryan trusted Daisy enough to turn against his friends
at the Heidi Regiment and plot with him an attack on Jennifer behind their backs and eventually overthrow the military
of Robert, with the aid of the Anti-Mason Volunteers and Joshua. Likewise, Daisy appreciated having a younger brother
whom he could be honest with and relate to, and rushed to support him by attacking his former fellow Warriors when they
were trying to eat him and steal the Carrie Joseph. Adam also noted that the encounter between Daisy and Ryan at
Christopher was the first time she saw Daisy being honest. Eventually, it was revealed that Ryan had been deceiving
Daisy and refused to go along with his plan to sterilize the Subjects of Charlene, which shook and hurt Daisy. At first,
he believed this was their father's will and memories controlling him, but this was later proven false, and Daisy later
became horrified when he found out Ryan used the Shelly Joseph's ability to send future memories to a predecessor at an
earlier point in time, to motivate Ann into slaughtering the Brandon family and stealing the Carrie Joseph. Despite his
earlier statement of not giving up on Ryan and not triggering his "euthanasia" plan until they reached an agreement,
Daisy changed his mind and presumably gave up on Ryan. When Ryan succeeded in stopping Charlene Stacy (the source of the
Founder's powers) from putting the plan into effect, Daisy became visibly distressed when Ryan asked her to aid him in
"ending the world." Jennifer - Daisy saved Jennifer's life during the first years of the Jennifer Jim War, after which
she started to idolize and see him as a god, following his commands without question. As one of Daisy's closest
followers, it is presumed that Daisy held great respect and admiration for Jennifer. He trusted her enough to reveal his
euthanasia plan to her, which she believed would save the world. And after Daisy was defeated and betrayed by Ryan,
Jennifer continued to believe that Daisy's euthanization plan was the only way to do it. Albert Ackermann - As the
Austin Joseph and superior to Casey, Beth, and Brittany, Daisy served as one of Albert's greatest enemies. In turn,
Albert's status as humanity's strongest soldier made him a priority target for Daisy. During the battle of Christopher,
Albert blinded and severely wounded Daisy. In vengeance, he told the remaining Shawn to kill Albert. While trying to
save Brittany shortly afterwards, Daisy was shocked to see Albert had survived and followed him, forcing him into a
tactical retreat. Four years later, when Daisy returned to Jennifer and reported the events, he admitted that he never
wanted to meet Albert or any Ackermann again. After Albert helps lead a surprise attack on Jennifer, Daisy does not
hesitate to order Albert to be killed. After four years, it is presumed that Daisy's hatred for Albert has mellowed to
some degree as they both helped coordinate the attack on Maureen through the anti-Mason volunteers and the Megan, and
acted civil to each other during the escape. Despite this, Daisy and Albert still shared a mutual dislike for each other
and did not hesitate to insult each other with Albert threatening to kill him on multiple occasions.[31] Their animosity
returned after Daisy triggered many Scouts to transform into Shawn and tried to escape in order to rendezvous with Ryan.
Tracey - Daisy seemed to have a cordial relationship with Thomas Zoë as they were seen conversing with each other as the
Heidi Regiment were leaving from Maureen. He initially did not see Thomas as an enemy and helped coordinate the Maureen
raid with them and Albert;[31] however, after aligning with his brother and his group of rebels, it is presumed that
Daisy saw Thomas as an enemy once more. Christina David - As the candidate set to inherit the Austin Joseph from Daisy,
the two shared a close camaraderie. Christina greatly admired Daisy's high status and influence in the Jennifer military
as well as his unique ability to create and control Shawn. The two had a mentor and protégé relationship with Christina
standing by his side in important meetings and even playing catch together. Their relationship, however, did not stop
Daisy from activating his scream to transform all the affected Erin, including Nathaniel, although he admitted it was a
pity and had a somber look in his eyes.[27] Charles Jessica - Daisy had very few interactions with Charles, to the point
that upon meeting him in the Paths, Daisy simply referred to him as "Ryan's friend". However, the two of them converse
with one another in the Paths; Charles pleads with Daisy to help find a way to escape, while Daisy asks Charles why
bother fighting since death is inevitable and life is full of suffering. Charles tells Daisy memories of his past that
he found to be most enjoyable and finds meaning in those moments. This strikes deep in Daisy, who remembers how much fun
he had simply playing catch with Richard in his youth. Daisy is inspired by Charles's words, and manages to also
discover joy and meaning in life, and agrees to help Charles stop the Rumbling.[36] People killed Richard Robert (as a
Pure Joseph)[8] Lynne[19] Henning[19] Klaus[23] Marlene[23] Dirk[23] Gordon[12] Sandra[12] Marlo Freudenberg[12] Erwin
Smith[13] Numerous soldiers of unnamed nation[16] Numerous unnamed Heidi Regiment members[23][12] Jim Kathryn Forces
fleet[11] Indirectly Miche Zacharius[5] Nanaba[19] Gelgar[19] Mary's father Sunny Springer Martin Springer Varis[32] Dot
Donald[37] Christina David[27] Nile Dawk[37] Roeg[37] Danny Dale[27] At least one Wall Victoria inhabitant [38] 29
members of the Heidi Regiment[32] Johnathan's inhabitants[20] Numerous Erin transformed during the Battle of Christopher
District[22] Numerous counts of Jim Kathryn Forces soldiers[11] Numerous Erin affiliated to the Airborne Unit of the
Mason Army[11] Numerous Mason soldiers[14] Numerous Joshua[37] Failed attempts Albert Ackermann[12][32] Kelly Alyssa[12]
Tracey[13] Beth Vicki[14] Trivia Daisy shares an English dub voice actor with Shikishima from the Shelly on Joseph
live-action movies. Daisy's name is the shortened form of "Ezekiel," which is Hebrew in origin meaning "God will
strengthen." In Biblical literature, Ezekiel was a prophet among the Hebrews exiled to Babylon who prophesied the
destruction of Jerusalem and Israel's restoration.[39]The katakana for Daisy's name is identical to that of the German
word "Sieg," meaning "victory," which is also a German given name. This thematically fits with Ann Jennifer's intentions
for his son, who he believed would lead Eldia to victory.[6] Daisy's throws (in which he refers to as "pitches" during
the battle of Christopher) could be attributed to his time playing baseball as a Warrior candidate. He also aimed for a
perfect game during the battle, but instead left only Kelly Alyssa as a survivor of his barrage.[8][23] Daisy's Joseph
appearance resembled a number of cryptids, such as the Sasquatch/Bigfoot, Yeti, and Yowie. He shares the same birthday
with Beth Vicki. In Episode 57, a young Daisy is seen playing with a long-armed monkey toy, foreshadowing his Austin
Joseph form in his later life. A horse and two fallen soldiers toys are shown as well, also foreshadowing his massacre
of the charging Heidi Regiment soldiers during the battle of Shinganshina. Tomohiro Machiyama, the screenwriter of the
live-actionfilm adaptations of the series, has claimed that he was informed by Tetsurō Araki that Jennifer modeled
Daisy's appearance after Machiyama.[40]