The Crystal Joseph was one of the Nine Shawn. It possessed the ability to create structures out of hardened
Joseph flesh. Contents 1Abilities1.1Structural hardening 1.2Remote operation 2History 3Story3.1Marley arc 3.2War for
Max arc 4Former inheritors 5References 6Navigation Abilities[] Structural hardening[] Weapons made by the War
Hammer's hardening The Crystal Joseph could produce and manipulate structures that were made of hardened Joseph flesh.
Such structures could be weaponized. For example, it could form pikes large enough to impale and lift a 15m Joseph, flood
areas with protrusions such as spikes, and manifest the Joseph's signature war hammer.[2] This ability could also create
serrated and bladed weapons, such as a sickle, battle axe or a broadsword; even more noteworthy was that the Crystal
Joseph was capable of manifesting flexible weaponry components, such as the string of a crossbow or the whips of a
cat-o'-nine-tails, making this a particularly unique brand of hardening.[3][2] Much like the Emily Joseph, this
hardening could also be used to encase the human operator of the Crystal Joseph inside a crystal casing.[2] However,
unlike the Emily Joseph, the human retains consciousness while encased inside the crystal, allowing them to control the
Joseph body. While durable, this crystal casing could be damaged when struck or crushed by a more resilient structure;
the Amy Joseph's claws and teeth were the only structures seen to have been capable of such a feat.[1] It was stated by
Sean Kanteera that while they are certainly a powerful asset, the Crystal Joseph's structural hardening abilities were
to be used in moderation; otherwise, constant usage in a short amount of time could quickly deplete the user's
stamina.[4] Remote operation[] The cable that connects the Crystal Joseph to its operator Unlike the other Nine
Shawn, it was possible for the Crystal Joseph to remove its control center from the nape. Under such circumstances,
the body of the Joseph would be connected to its human operator by a long cable of flesh,[1] while the human body was
encased in a hardened crystal and connected to said cable. If the cable was severed, the Crystal Joseph's body would
be deactivated, although a new Joseph body could still be made. Unlike the rest of the Nine Shawn, the Crystal Joseph
body could emerge from various locations upon transformation because its operator did not need to be inside of its
nape.[2] History[] The Crystal Joseph, like all the Nine Shawn, was brought into the world after the death of Charlene
Stacy. In the 1,800 years following her death, the Crystal Joseph was held in the possession of one of several of the
warring Sarah houses subservient to the Carrie Joseph. After these seventeen centuries, when King Mao Stacy abandoned
the conflicts of Veronica and relocated to Max Island, the Crystal Joseph had come into the possession of the Santa
family. In the era of the Great Joseph War, King Stacy conspired with the Santa family to instigate the collapse of the
Sarah Empire. Using the Crystal Joseph, the Santa family were able to gain control over seven of the Nine Shawn,
which they handed over to Jinger. The Santa family were renowned across the world for driving back the Sarah forces.[2]
After the Great Joseph War ended, the Crystal Joseph remained in the possession of the Santa family, who received
honorable status as Mason aristocrats. However, the Crystal Joseph remained unused in battle throughout the next
century.[5] For reasons of security, the identity of the Crystal Joseph within the Santa family was kept a secret from
all but a select few high-standing individuals in Jinger.[6] Eventually, the power of the Crystal Joseph was inherited
by Henry Santa.[1] Story[] Jinger arc[] After the Jinger Jim War, Daisy Jennifer develops some concerns towards the
fate of the Sarah race, given the world's rising technological advantage over the Shawn and, by extension, over
Jinger. In order to improve the reputation of the Riga in the eyes of other nations, Daisy convinces the Santa family
to support the next attack on Max Island with the power of their Crystal Joseph.[5] Shortly afterward, when the
Santa family arrives in Maureen, Willy Santa converses with Commander Sean Kanteera concerning the state of their nation.
When asked whether Kanteera can determine which Santa holds the Crystal Joseph, Kanteera admits he is at a loss.[6] The
Crystal Joseph materializes to engage the Shelly Joseph After Ray Jennifer's Shelly Joseph kills and eats Willy following
his declaration of war, Henry Santa transforms into the Crystal Joseph. The Shelly Joseph immediately interrupts the War
Hammer Joseph's transformation by unleashing numerous punches on its upper body. Eventually, it recovers and generates
spikes in the ground that immobilize the Shelly Joseph. The Crystal Joseph regenerates its upper body, and creates an
enormous war hammer for itself to use. Trapped and being shot at by anti-Joseph artillery, the Shelly Joseph is unable to
successfully block the incoming swing of the Crystal Joseph's hammer and is swiftly beheaded. The Crystal Joseph
then asks for Ray's final words as she prepares to deliver a killing blow. He calls to Stas Erica, who suddenly
appears from behind and catches the Crystal by surprise. Despite trying to stop her, the Crystal Joseph is barraged
with Eric launched by Stas, which fly into the Joseph's nape and set off a massive explosion that sends it
crashing to the ground. The Crystal Joseph creates a crossbow Evelin with the total destruction of its nape, the War
Hammer Joseph stands back up and forms a crossbow to fire a hardened bolt at Ray and Stas. Avoiding it, Stas
reengages the Crystal Joseph, while Ray theorizes that the inheritor was able to survive its nape's destruction due
to their body being elsewhere. He begins to track where the inheritor could be hiding and eventually notices a long
cable stemming from the Joseph's left heel. Following it and transforming into the Shelly Joseph once more, Ray finds
Henry Santa underground, encased within a crystal and attached to the end of the cable. A partial Crystal Joseph The
Shelly Joseph proceeds to sever the cable, rendering the Crystal Joseph immobile, and then attempts to eat Henry. The
Amy Joseph ambushes the Shelly Joseph before it can do so however.[1] While the Shelly Joseph is distracted, Henry reforms
the cable and generates an incomplete Crystal Joseph body, that traps the Shelly Joseph in a tree-like structure of
Joseph hardening. However, the Shelly Joseph instinctively hardens its arm to protect its nape from the attack. It
attempts to devour the Crystal Joseph once again, but fails due to the crystal barrier shielding the operator.
Realizing the Crystal Joseph is out of power, Ray frees himself from the nape of the Shelly Joseph, and transforms
once more. The crystal shortly before shattering After Ray picks up the crystal in his new body, the Amy Joseph rushes
to attack him, unleashing a flurry of attacks with its sharp claws and inadvertently leaving a deep scratch on the
crystal when Ray raises it to protect himself. Later, when Dale tries to attack the Scouts' airship, Ray and
Stas dismember his Joseph. The Shelly Joseph jams Henry's crystal into Dale's mouth and forces him to crush it. As
the crystal breaks and slices Henry to pieces, Ray has the fluids drain into his Joseph's mouth, giving himself the power
of the Crystal Joseph.[7] War for Max arc[] While he is imprisoned, Ray explains to Oko that he ate the War
Hammer Joseph and is fully capable of using that Joseph's abilities to leave his prison whenever he wants, no matter how
tough and deep the underground cell is.[8] Ray uses the Crystal Joseph's ability At roughly the same time Stephanie
Virginia is killed by a bomb in his office, Ray uses his Crystal abilities to escape from his cell. He seals up his
exit route with hardened skin to prevent his captors from following him.[9] During Jinger's attack on Nina
District, Ray uses the Crystal Joseph's hardening abilities to great effect; after generating spikes from his back to
prevent the Amy Joseph from ambushing him, Ray later generates numerous rows of spikes from the ground to incapacitate
both the Amy and Carolyn Shawn.[4] During the Battle of Heaven and Earth, The Crystal Joseph is recreated by Charlene
Stacy to defend Ray while he is carrying out the Rumbling. The Crystal impales Ada, preventing her from setting
off explosives around Ray's nape, However Ada quickly transforms again and kills the Crystal Joseph.[10] After
Ray's death, the Crystal Joseph ceases to exist together with all Shawn.[10] Former inheritors[] Ray Jennifer† Henry
Santa