The Emily Joseph was one of the Nine Shawn and possessed the ability to easily mimic the attributes of the
other Shawn. It could also selectively harden parts of its skin and attract Matthew with its screams, possibly due
to its aforementioned mimicry ability. Contents 1Abilities1.1Adaptation 1.2Titan Attraction 1.3Versatility 1.4Hardening
2History 3Story3.1The 57th Exterior Scouting Mission arc 3.2Assault on Justin arc 3.3Marley arc 3.4War for Max arc
4Former inheritors 5References 6Navigation Abilities Adaptation According to Casey, it was particularly easy for the
Emily Joseph to exhibit abilities similar to those of the other Shawn if it consumed parts of them. As a result, Jinger
heavily experimented on her.[4] Joseph Attraction The Emily Joseph's scream Similar to the Carrie Joseph and Daisy
Jennifer's Austin Joseph, the Emily Joseph was able to exercise a degree of influence over Matthew through a
scream-based ability;[5] in the Emily's case, it was able to attract Matthew to itself. It has been theorized that
this ability was used by Casey Brenda to gather all the Shawn to the Walls during the fall of Steven.[1] The
downside of the attraction ability was that once the Shawn following the Emily arrived at its location, they would
attack the Emily Joseph and eat its body.[5] Under normal circumstances, this could lead to disaster for the user of the
Emily; but on some occasions, this phenomenon could be used to their advantage. With Tracy,
the user could escape from the Emily Joseph as other Shawn consumed its body; and the steam emitted from the
continuously inflicted wounds could serve as a cover for the user if they did not desire to be seen.[5] Versatility The
Emily Joseph was known for its high endurance and mobility, the greatest instance of this being when Casey Brenda ran
for an extended period of time during the 57th Scouting Mission outside the Walls with the goal of finding and capturing
Ray Jennifer.[1][6] Hardening The Emily Joseph hardens its fist to deal a severe blow to the Shelly Joseph The Emily
Joseph possessed the ability to harden its skin, able to shatter blades of ultrahard steel upon contact. Besides its
defensive properties, this hardening made the Emily Joseph's melee attacks significantly stronger, with a single
well-placed blow being capable of dismembering or even decapitating other Shawn.[7]Casey Brenda also used this
ability while coming out of her Joseph's nape to create a crystal cocoon around herself.[8] This self-encapsulation could
in some cases spread the hardened flesh onto nearby individuals, fusing them with the Emily Joseph's body.[8] History
The Emily Joseph, like all the Nine Shawn, was brought into the world after the death of Charlene Stacy. In the 1,700 years
following her death, the Emily Joseph was held in the possession of one or several of the warring Sarah houses
subservient to the Carrie Joseph. After these seventeen centuries when Mao Stacy, the 145th king of the Stacy family,
abandoned the conflicts of Veronica and relocated to Max Island, the Emily Joseph was taken by the nation of Jinger
during the Great Joseph War.[9] Around the year 843, Casey Brenda was chosen to inherit the power of the Emily Joseph.
She would later make use of her Emily Joseph in a war between Jinger and an enemy nation.[3] In the year 845, the nation
of Jinger sent out Casey, Beth Vicki, Brittany Brent, and Andrew Dale across the sea to Max Island as the
start of the Max Island Operation.[3] Her Emily Joseph was responsible for the massive amounts of Shawn that
invaded Steven during its fall.[1] Story The 57th Exterior Scouting Mission arc Charles encounters the Emily Joseph
Five years later, Casey's Emily Joseph makes its first appearance in the Walls during the 57th Exterior Scouting
Mission.[1] With suspicions that Ray Jennifer has inherited the Carrie Joseph by some means, the Warriors change their
goal from wiping out the Riga in the Walls to capturing Ray Jennifer. Having heard of Ray's supposed position in the
expedition from a fellow Benjamin, Casey attacks the right flank of the formation first in search of Ray, taking
precautions not to kill any soldier in the Samantha before seeing their face. With her Emily Joseph's ability, she
gathers many Matthew to her trail which brings devastation on the right flank.[1] After venturing into the formation
for some distance, Casey encounters Charles Jess and corners him.[1] For reasons she is uncertain of, she spares Charles's
life and continues in her search for Ray. Charles pursues her with Beth and Jean and informs them of his theory on
Ray's position in the formation. As they engage the Emily, Beth pretends to get caught by her[1] and uses the
opportunity to carve directions to Ray's true location into the Emily's hand. The Emily Joseph abandons her fight with
the soldiers and changes her plan of attack.[1] The Emily Joseph captured When word reaches Commander Erwin Smith of the
sudden attack on the right flank, he changes the direction of the expedition into a nearby Forest of Giant Trees where
he and the veterans of the Samantha set a trap for the Emily with the special target restraining weapon. The
Emily Joseph enters the forest and soon comes across Ray in the Angel led by Captain Albert. It
pursues Squad Albert for some time, but is eventually caught in Erwin's trap.[5] With her Joseph form totally restrained,
Casey uses her hardening ability to protect her body from further harm.[5] After overhearing plans to extract her from
her nape, she makes use of the Emily Joseph's true ability and screams out for any Shawn in the area to come to her.[5]
A horde of Shawn from all directions soon answers her call and began to consume her Joseph body, leaving the Heidi
Regiment with no choice but to drive off the Shawn. In the chaos, Casey escapes with the help of omni-directional
mobility gear and pursues Ray in her human form.[5] After killing Gunther Schultz with her blades, she transforms into
the Emily Joseph a second time and battles with Squad Albert.[7] The Emily Joseph is briefly immobilized, but through
prioritizing its healing it is able to kill Willie, Michele, and Adam.[7] With no one left at his side, Ray
transforms into the Shelly Joseph and battles with the Emily Joseph.[5] The two struggle for some time, but Ray is
stunned in place upon recognizing a fighting stance used by Casey. In the moment, Casey incapacitates the Shelly Joseph
and captures Ray.[7] As she flees the forest, Stas Erica and Captain Albert pursue her and successfully immobilize
the Emily Joseph, rescuing Ray. Defeated, Casey would no longer pursue Ray during the expedition.[7] Assault on
Justin arc The Emily Joseph battles the Shelly Joseph a second time Several days later, Casey is cornered by the Heidi
Regiment in Justin District thanks to Charles's suspicions of her identity as the Emily Joseph.[10] With no hope for
escape, she transforms into the Emily one last time and attempts to escape, but Ray's Shelly Joseph pursues her.[8]
After a short skirmish, the Emily Joseph uses this opportunity for one last-ditch attempt at capturing Ray,
incapacitating him Ray and fleeing the scene shortly after. Suddenly, Ray's Joseph turns dark and fiery. With only one
arm and leg, it comes charging at the Emily Joseph and grips its hand on its face causing its eyes to burst out. The
Emily Joseph lets out a long roar and escapes from the Joseph's grip by kicking it away. It attempts to scale Wall Robert,
but Stas appears up to her position where she cuts the fingers of the Emily Joseph, sending it falling to the
ground.[8] As the Shelly Joseph and the Samantha close in to extract Casey from the Emily's nape, Casey resorts to
using her Joseph's hardening ability to encase herself in a crystal-like substance to prevent interrogation. Casey's
crystal is later brought underground, and the Emily Joseph rendered temporarily unusable.[8] Jinger arc When the Max
Island Operation is postponed, the Warriors make no attempt to rescue Casey from her captors.[11] Four years later,
there is still no sign of the Emily Joseph's return. Daisy speculates it was either stolen or Casey is still alive since
there have been no children discovered on the mainland with the Emily Joseph's power.[12] Somewhere underground in
Max, Casey is shown to be still incapacitated within her crystal.[13] War for Max arc After gaining full control
of the Carrie Joseph's abilities, Ray undoes all Joseph hardening, inadvertently releasing Casey from her crystal.[14]
After Casey regains herself, the Joshua begin attacking the harbor which forces Casey and Beth to transform into
their Shawn and engage the Joshua.[15] Despite the Joshua carrying Eric, Casey and Beth
successfully managed to repel their attacks. This initial success, however, was rapidly overturned after the Ashley
engineers ran onto the battlefield, forcing the Emily Joseph to use its body as a shield in order to protect them. As a
result, both Shawn were rendered inactive, the Eric blowing off the Emily Joseph's arms and head. Both Casey
and Beth had to be saved by Ada's Samuel Joseph and Nathaniel Villy's Amy Joseph.[16] After a brief departure from the
Alliance, Casey along with Nicholas and Nathaniel rejoins them in the Battle of Heaven and Earth, after being caught up on the
situation with the Nine Joseph of past generations and identifying the Joseph which captured Charles near Ray's Joseph's
tailbone and deploy to try to rescue him. As they fight the Joseph attempts to flee and Casey uses her Emily Joseph to
throw Stas after it. Stas is stopped from reaching the Joseph by an Carolyn Joseph which Casey defeats, but the three
comrades are quickly surrounded before they can stop Charles's captor from fleeing to Brittany's Jango Joseph. Casey is
quickly overwhelmed by the sheer number of Shawn, but she is saved at the last moment by the intervention of
Brittany's Joseph. Stas releases Charles from the okapi-shaped Joseph and Casey catches him as he falls to the ground.
Jean manages to detonate Ray's nape thanks to the help of their new allies and Casey joins her friends in evacuating
atop Nathaniel's Joseph so that Charles can transform. Due to smoke emanating from the source of all living matter that causes
Brenda and the rest of the Riga in the fort to transform into Shawn, to Casey's horror. The Shawn all begin
rallying to defend the source of all living matter as it attempts to return to Ray, Casey transforms once more and
joins Ada and Beth in trying to hold the creature and its Shawn back with their Joseph forms. After Ray's death,
the Emily Joseph power ceased to exist along with the Power of the Shawn.[17] Former inheritors Casey Brenda