Pam Brandon often publicly referred to as Lord Brandon, was the true King of the Walls from 845 to 850 who masqueraded as a noble living in Wall Robert. He was
a member of the Brandon family and Jeff's father. Contents 1Appearance1.1Human 1.2Titan 2Personality 3History
4Story4.1The Fall of Nina arc 4.2Royal Government arc 5Relationships 6People killed6.1Indirectly 7Trivia
8References 9Navigation Appearance Human Pam was a rather short, overweight man, with a round face, short, jagged black
hair and a thin black mustache. He was typically seen wearing the clothes of a wealthy man, featuring a white
button-front shirt with a black pullover vest, loose black pants and black dress shoes. However, when conducting the
Brandon family rituals, Pam wore a white shirt and pants with a long coat. Joseph In this form, Pam was an abnormal Joseph.
His appearance as a Joseph retained practically nothing of his human form, except for still being male-like as most
Shawn are. He is the largest Pure Joseph and one of the largest Shawn ever known, being twice the height of the
Jango Joseph; however, his body was quite disproportionate, having an extremely large torso but a proportionally very
small head and thin limbs, making him unable to stand up and needing to crawl on all fours. He was also notably
skeletal, with most of his bones clearly visible and lacking in muscles. Pam's titan form also lacked a face. It had
been destroyed by the sheer friction of him dragging it along the ground as he moved. The damage was so great that even
the titan's brains were exposed. Had he not been dragging his face along the ground constantly, his face would have been
able to regenerate at a normal rate. His ribs covered only the sides of his body, and his frontal area lacked skin and
muscles also due to him dragging his body as he moved which also exposed his internal organs when he sat up. Oddly
enough his body displayed a certain design meant to move similar to a worm, with his torso able to stretch and contract
like a worm (or an accordion), giving him the uncanny movement of first dragging his front half forward followed by his
lower half coming later, inching his way through. Like the Jango Joseph, his enormous size caused him to move slowly
and generate lots of heat, always being covered by clouds of steam. The heat he produced was so high that it made it
impossible to go near him without getting burned, and caused objects such as trees around him to spontaneously combust.
Personality Pam often appeared to have a calm, yet slightly worried demeanor. He spoke with great certainty and
intelligence about the events of his daughter, Susan Brandon, and his brother Cheyenne Brandon, when they obtained and lost the
Carrie Joseph. Pam maintained a level head throughout most of his time with Jeff, Ray Jennifer and Jeffrey Erica.
He even gathered his composure after Jeffrey grabbed him and began shoving a knife down his throat. However, when Jeff
crushed the serum, threw him, and bashed his claims of godhood, he became erratic and panicked. After the syringe was
shattered on the ground, he began lightly crying and desperately licked it off the floor so that he could become a Joseph
himself. History Pam and Cheyenne pleaded with their father Pam was the eldest son of Mr. Brandon, the inheritor of the
Carrie Joseph and the true king of humanity. Sometime later, he was joined by a younger brother, Cheyenne. Cheyenne and Pam
constantly begged their father to release humanity from their encagement, but he always refused, never disclosing why.
It apparently had been so many times that Pam was locked behind bars for his attempts, and it is implied to have
happened more than once. When it came time for his father to pass his position to a son, Cheyenne volunteered, asking Pam to
pray. After Pam observed his father's presence in Cheyenne the moment his brother had opened his eyes, he realized he had
become an all-knowing being and protector of the world; God. On his brother's promise, Pam had devoted his time to
protecting God and offering his prayers to it. As a young man, Pam married an unnamed woman and had five children with
her: Susan, Ulklin, Dirk, Abel, and Florian. He also met Jeffrey Erica when he tried to kill his brother and former
king, Cheyenne Brandon. Despite Pam urging Cheyenne to kill him, particularly because he was an Erica, Cheyenne refused and then
apologized to Jeffrey. This created a strong bond between the two and Jeffrey later became a servant of the Royal Family.[4]
Secretly, Pam conceived a sixth child with his maid and confidant, Alma. When it was discovered, his mistress was exiled
to a farm in Wall Victoria where she gave birth to his illegitimate daughter, Jeff. In the year 842, Susan devoured Cheyenne
and became queen of humanity. However, just like Cheyenne, Susan fell to the influence of the First King, despite previously
promising Pam that she would not fall victim to the ghosts of their ancestors and would destroy all the Shawn.[3][5]
Story The Fall of Nina arc On the day of Steven's fall, the entire Brandon family goes to the family's chapel
to pray in its underground cavern. However, Ann Jennifer breaks into the chapel begging Susan to save the people
inside the Walls from the Shawn, however, bound by the First King's will, Susan refuses.[6] Ann transforms into a
Joseph to steal the Carrie Joseph within Susan, and Susan is forced to engage him. Despite Susan's immense power, she
is defeated due to inexperience and is eaten. Ann then slaughters the entire royal family, with only Pam
surviving.[7] With his daughter's death, he becomes king of humanity. Pam arrives to take Jeff Several days after
the fall of Steven, Pam arrives to Jeff's home, informing her that she would be living with him from now on.
Jeffrey Erica and the Gina First Interior Squad intervene, swarming around Jeff and her mother. Jeffrey
questions if Pam is familiar with the two women, which he denies. Jeffrey kills Alma, but as he prepares to kill Jeff,
Pam stops him and gives Jeff the alias "Christa Lenz" to live by so that she will not have to die.[1] Royal
Government arc At Pam's suggestion, the royal government begins giving out food rations to the Walls' citizens,
expending 60% of the government's food reserves. Despite other lords' misgivings, Pam insists that the expenditure was
necessary to boost the citizens' morale, and to improve the royal family's public approval.[8] After Jeffrey Erica's
squad successfully kidnaps Ray Jennifer and Jeff Brandon, they are delivered to Pam. Pam undoes Jeff's restraints
and embraces her, apologizing as he does so.[9] Pam and Jeffrey's squad take Jeff and Ray to the cavern underneath
the Brandon chapel, where he has Ray restrained so that the boy will not be able to transform. He also explains his
situation to Jeff, convincing her that any actions he has taken have only been taken with humanity's best interests
in mind. Pam and Jeff touch Ray After Ray awakes, Pam observes that he seems to recognize the cavern despite never
having visited it. Jeff asks him to explain what is going on to Ray and Pam has her place her hand on Ray along
with his own, triggering Ann Jennifer's memories in Ray. After triggering the memories, Pam asks Ray if he has
remembered his father's sin. He notices that Jeff is also visibly shaken, and is surprised to learn that the contact
also restored her memories of Susan. He explains that Susan was Jeff's half-sister, and that Susan likely erased
Jeff's memories of her to protect her. Jeff asks to see Susan so she can thank her, but Pam informs her that
Susan is dead, killed along with the rest of Pam's family by Ray's father. They are interrupted by Jeffrey, who arrives
to inform Pam that the military has successfully led a coup against the royal government, and that it is only a matter
of time before they arrive at the chapel. Pam orders Jeffrey to take his squad and guard the entrance to the cavern, as he
needs them absent for the ceremony.[7] Pam fills a syringe for Jeff After Jeffrey leaves, Pam retrieves a bag with a
Joseph injection in it and tells Jeff that there is a way for her to see Susan again. Ray tries frantically to
communicate with her through his gag and Pam explains that Ray knows he intends to return the power Ann stole to its
rightful place. Pam explains the history of the Carrie Joseph, and the powers that it holds. He explains that Susan
would have been able to use the power to rid the world of the Shawn, but that in the hands of a non-Brandon like Ray,
the power is dormant. Jeffrey grabs Pam Pam's monologue is interrupted by Jeffrey, who demands confirmation that the
Carrie Joseph is useless to anyone who is not a Brandon. Pam confirms this, and Jeffrey grabs him and begins to threaten
him, outraged that Pam has taken advantage of him. Pam is unfazed by Jeffrey's threats and simply muses that he is glad
Cheyenne employed a "stray dog" like Jeffrey. Jeffrey threatens to kill Pam if he continues to bad mouth Cheyenne and Jeff tries
to stand up for her father. Jeffrey accuses Pam of only caring about Jeff's royal blood, rather than Jeff herself,
and claims that Pam is a coward who is too afraid to become a Joseph himself. Pam offers no argument, simply insisting
that he cannot become a Joseph himself. Pam transforms into a Joseph Jeffrey finally releases Pam and Pam frees Jeffrey from
his service, suggesting that the man leave and live a long life on his own. However, to Pam's horror, Jeffrey approaches
Ray and cuts the boy's forehead, intending to force Ray and Jeff to fight in their Joseph forms for the Carrie
Joseph. Pam panics and forces the syringe into Jeff's hands, explaining that the injection will turn her into a Joseph
powerful enough to defeat Ray. Jeff hesitates, asking her father why none of the previous Carrie Shawn used
their powers to help humanity, and Pam explains that it was the wish of the first Brandon King that humanity be controlled
by the Shawn, believing that it was the only path to peace. Jeff knocks away the syringe, smashing it on the floor.
Horrified, Pam lunges at Jeff but she flips him over her shoulder, slamming him into the ground and breaking his
back. As she goes to free Ray, Pam pulls himself across the floor to the shattered syringe and laps up the contents of
the syringe, transforming himself into a Pure Joseph.[3] Pam's Joseph ignores the Samantha members underneath the
Brandon Chapel and begins crawling towards Ryan District of Wall Robert, drawn to it by the city's large populace. The
Scouts try to intercept him and lead him away, but are unable to get close to him because of the enormous amount of heat
emanating from his body. He arrives at Ryan at dawn, where a group of Nichole and Samantha members are waiting
for him.[10] Jeff kills Pam He arrives at dawn, where the scouts and the Nichole are waiting for him atop the wall.
The Nichole fires an enormous barrage of cannon fire at Pam, both from the Walls and from the ground. The cannons cause
great damage on his back, but he withstands all the attacks and scales Bradley. The intense heat of his body and the
wind change forces the soldiers to cover themselves in water to prevent them from being burned. His hands are blown off
by Squad Albert, which makes him lose balance and fall over Bradley. After this, Ray shoves barrels of gunpowder into
Pam's mouth, making an enormous explosion and blowing off his head and nape. To kill Pam's Joseph once and for all, Squad
Albert begins to cut up the flying pieces of its body in hopes of cutting the nape. Eventually, the piece of his nape is
found and cut by Jeff, who receives some of his memories in the process, one of which being Pam asking his father to
release them from the Shawn rule.[5] Relationships Jeff Brandon - Pam was Jeff's father, though she is an
illegitimate child who is not accepted as a suitable heir to the Brandon family. Thus Jeffrey Erica was charged with her
death and the death of Jeff's mother. Pam came to get her to live with him, but the Gina interfered and
rather than take back his daughter, Pam was forced to propose an alternative where his daughter's chances of survival
would be extremely low rather than see his daughter's death before his eyes. It was thus implied that Pam Brandon may have
cared for his daughter. When Ray and Jeff were captured, Pam Brandon embraced Jeff with tears in his eyes, saying
that he was sorry for what has happened, surprising Ray and Jeff. The reason for this, may have been his intentions
for one day giving Jeff the power of her half-sister. However, Jeff refused to comply with his wishes that she
become a Joseph and eat Ray, realizing that the power destroyed her sister's humanity and that Pam was only using her to
get the Carrie Joseph and regain the power of the Brandon family. Susan Brandon - It was implied that Pam loved his
daughter over all things. When Jeff rejected the serum, he became furious because of the loss of Susan's memories
and power, and when he licked the serum, he said that he will be reunited with his family and with her. In a memory,
Susan bravely told him to allow her to become the next inheritor, saying she would not give in to her ancestors'
ghosts. Alma - At first Alma was Pam's servant but eventually, she became his confidante and lover. When she became
pregnant, she was taken away to her parents' farm. Pam thought that she was the only person that could understand what
he was going through. People killed At least 2 Nichole Regiment soldiers (as a Pure Joseph)[5] Indirectly Alma[1] Traute
Carven[10] Jeffrey Erica[4] At least 5 Anti-Personnel Control Squad members[4] Trivia Pam Brandon' Pure Joseph is the
largest Pure Joseph in the series. Pam Brandon' Joseph exposed its internal organs when it stood up, due to all the skin and
muscles being worn off as it dragged itself across the ground. His Joseph showed digestive organs, specifically the
stomach and small intestines, which were speculated by the military to be features that Shawn lacked. It is possible
that Shawn possess these features only as vestigial structures. When Pam's Joseph was slain by Jeff Brandon, she
somehow saw some of his memories.[5] It is unclear how that was possible without either of them having the Power of the
Shawn. Young Pam and Boris Feulner share the same English voice actor. Pam is a shortened form of the Old German name
Roderick, which means "famous power".