Casey Brenda is a graduate of the 104th Cadet
Corps and former member of the Gina Regiment. Her exceptional skill with swords and unarmed combat earned her
the 4th rank, but she is noted to be a lone wolf that struggles to work with others.[4] She possessed the ability to
transform into a Joseph known as the Emily Joseph. She trained from an early age by her father,[4] and is selected as one
of Jinger's Warriors. In the year 845, she is sent on a mission to retrieve the Carrie Joseph, along with her fellow
Warriors Beth Vicki, Brittany Brent, and Andrew Dale. As the Emily Joseph, she served as a major antagonist
prior to being exposed and defeated by the Samantha. After her defeat, she crystallized herself and was left in a
comatose state. She was held underground for approximately four years before escaping during a battle between the
Military, the Joshua, and the forces of Jinger.[8] Contents 1Appearance1.1Human form 1.2Female Joseph form
2Personality 3History 4Story4.1The Fall of Nina arc 4.2Humanity's Comeback arc 4.3Distress 4.4A Sudden Visitor:
The Sam of Tammy 4.5The Struggle for Carly arc 4.6Eve of the Counterattack arc 4.7Wall Robert, Goodbye:
Part One 4.8Wall Robert, Goodbye: Part Two 4.9The 57th Exterior Scouting Mission arc 4.10Assault on Justin arc 4.11Clash
of the Shawn arc 4.12Royal Government arc 4.13Return to Nina arc 4.14Marley arc 4.15War for Max arc
5Abilities5.1Power of the Shawn 6Relationships 7People killed7.1Indirectly 7.2Failed attempts 8Trivia 9References
10Navigation Appearance[] Human form[] Casey is a teenage girl of considerably short height with a small, yet very
muscular build and physique. She has moderately short hair that is often tied at the back with her right fringe mainly
draping over the right side of her face (though she tends to push it to the side on occasion; possibly for better
visibility). She has an oval-shaped face, blonde hair, blue eyes, a Roman nose, and pale complexion. Her hair color is
noticeably paler than most other blonde-haired characters and when untied, her hair reaches down the nape of her neck.
Her eyes, although of considerable size and proportion, often have a sullen vibe to their appearance. Casey's casual
attire mainly consists of a hooded sweatshirt underneath a jacket accompanied by dark gray pants. She is often seen in
the Alejandro uniform and then the Gina Regiment uniform after graduation. Though Casey often wears hooded
sweatshirts as part of her standard attire, she also wears her signature white hooded sweatshirt as part of her standard
military attire. During her missions as the Emily Joseph, it is implied that she always wears her ring which has a
small, folding blade on her right index finger; using it as her primary source of causing self-injury in order to
transform into her Emily Joseph form at any time. Four years later after being freed from her crystalized stasis, Casey
no longer keeps her hair up and lets it hang loose. She still wears her Gina uniform and gains a brown cloak.
Later, she maintains her white hooded sweatshirt with a shoulder holster and a revamped black pants worn by the 104th
Alejandro when she sided with the others to stop Ray. Emily Joseph form[] Casey's appearance as the Emily Joseph
changed quite drastically, though her overall physique and facial features remained mostly the same. Her body consisted
mainly of exposed muscle tissue, in which there was a noticeably limited amount of skin coverage across her body, and
fingers made out of bone. Along with a massive increase in height, her face was laden with muscle lining, notably
underneath her cheeks, giving her the capability to stretch her mouth far more than it seemed possible, along with
yellowish teeth. Compared to the majority of other Shawn encountered, Casey's Joseph form seemed much more physically
fit and stronger, bearing a lean build with visible muscle definition and a feminine form. Personality[] Casey is
considered to be an isolated, exclusionary type; friendships do not come to her easily. She is rarely seen smiling and
often has an emotionless expression. She is apathetic and somnolent, with little desire to put in any effort into
meaningless disciplines or activities, and instead focuses exclusively on making it into the Gina Regiment to
obtain an easy life.[9] Yet, she somehow does seem to hold a strange fascination and even feelings of respect towards
people that have a deep sense of duty and righteousness - in those people who do care and who can devote their lives and
even die for causes they believe in. Casey's sense of humor tends to be mocking, sarcastic, deadpan, and surprising. It
also sometimes expresses a partial truth, and it happens mostly in intense situations. For example, when she was
cornered by the Scouts in front of an underground passage. Despite Casey's usual cold and calm demeanor, she has been
shown to emote her feelings in various ways. At the times she does lose her composure, she usually reacts with violence.
She beats up Beth Vicki for his cowardice after Andrew was eaten and for trying to manipulate her to continue a
mission that had, in her view, already failed.[10] She was clearly angered when Beth teased her about her constant
avoidance in hand-to-hand combat training.[4] Despite her seeming callousness, she has expressed a level of guilt and
shock, most notably when apologizing to a certain corpse after the battle of Carly District.[11] Casey is also known to
be very dedicated in her mission as a Benjamin, to the point that she had killed many innocent people to reach her goal
(also attempting to kill many of her former comrades), and shed tears when she failed to capture Ray.[12] However, she
is not entirely remorseless; while she carried out her duty of disposing of her former comrade Deny, she did so with
great distress and shed anguished tears at the sight of him being eaten. This incident would haunt her for some time
afterwards. Though she is seemingly indifferent towards her capability as a competent hand-to-hand combat fighter, she
remains proud of her skills and even appears to enjoy the very notion of fighting as deduced by Ray.[13] Casey is
highly intelligent, able to think deeply about situations, and has shown considerable problem-solving ability and a
quick wit. These personality traits, in conjunction with her calm attitude and analytical skills, make her a good
tactician. While undercover as a refugee, and later as a trainee, she does most of the spy work for the Warriors. Casey
also realizes the contradictions of the military training system within the Walls and is not fooled by the Mason
propaganda. However, she is a bad liar, being called out on this by both Ray and Jeffrey, the former regarding her apathy
towards her martial arts prowess, and the latter when she lies about being his daughter, even sarcastically insisting
further. On the other hand, she is very good at spotting the lies of other people, seen when she realizes Charles Jess's
dishonesty far before they had even reached the underground tunnel, as well as Beth's lie about befriending their
fellow cadets as being nothing more than a pragmatic attempt to gain their trust.[14][10] She is extremely practical and
self-aware, being honest about her strengths and weaknesses, and is rarely ever prone to self-deception or emotional
mistakes. Furthermore, she had a casual acceptance of her negative personality traits, freely admitting her faults even
to almost-complete strangers such as Lori, calling herself worthless and evil with no hint of
self-loathing. She is nevertheless capable of self-loathing, as seen when she claimed to be as selfish as the Mason
government.[10] Nonetheless, what drives Casey more than anything is her desire for a normal life. Though she has no
love for Jinger itself, the only reason she is so concentrated on her mission is that it because it would allow her to
go back home to her father, and she had urged Beth several times before her eventual capture to return to Jinger with
the information they had gathered so far; despite her otherwise cynical and realist worldview, Casey managed to convince
herself of the false notion that it would be enough to avoid punishment.[10] When she lost Ray due to the actions of
both Stas and Albert in the Joseph Forest, Casey saw the easiest chance to return to her father was gone and she began
visibly crying in her Joseph form.[12] After escaping her confinement, Casey undergoes a significant change in character,
becoming more open about working with her former friends to stop the actions of Ray and the Joshua. She also freely
acknowledges to Jacob that she has committed unforgivable acts, something Casey normally would have kept to herself.
Later, as Bradley Shawn trample through Jinger, she admits to Charles that she genuinely appreciated him visiting her
for the past four years she was enclosed inside her crystal. Casey also tells him she sees herself as a monster.[15]
History[] Casey sometime after her birth After Casey's birth, her blood test revealed she was a Subject of Charlene, which
suggested her mother had an affair with an Sarah man. While it is unknown what happened to her mother, Casey was
deported to the internment zone and later adopted by Brenda who was relocated for similar reasons. Her adoptive father
intended to train her to become a Benjamin so that he could live a privileged life. Thus, from a young age, Casey
underwent rigorous combat training with Brenda.[3] Casey would eventually become as strong as he wanted; but in
retaliation for all she had endured, she attacked him and left him permanently crippled. The brutal training she endured
left her callous towards others, unable to find any value in whether one lived or died.[3] Casey cripples her father In
her early childhood, Casey was relentlessly subjected to combat training in her hometown by her father, who reminded her
often of the mission she was born to carry out.[16][14] At one point during Casey's training, her father pushed her too
far during a training session, causing her to snap and attack him, savagely beating him while he was down to where she
crippled him.[17][3] At some point, Casey was chosen by the Mason government to inherit the power of the Emily
Joseph. Alongside the rest of her Benjamin comrades, the six Shawn in Jinger's command used their powers to crush Mid
East Forces, testing their abilities in the process. The six Warriors proved themselves to be more effective weapons
than their predecessors, largely alleviating Jinger's concerns about entrusting the upcoming Max Island Operation to
children.[10] Casey's father apologized and made her promise to return home In the year 845, Casey set out on a mission
to exterminate humanity within the Walls and retrieve the Carrie Joseph, along with her childhood friends, Beth
Vicki, Brittany Brent and Andrew Dale, the wielders of the Carolyn Joseph, Jango Joseph, and Amy Joseph. Before
her departure, her father apologized for his actions and asked for her to return home alive, assuring her that her
father would always be on her side.[13] On their journey, the four young Warriors were ambushed by a Joseph slumbering in
the earth that tried to devour Beth. As he stood in fear, Beth was almost killed until Andrew pushed him away but
was grabbed and devoured instead while Beth, Brittany, and Casey watched in horror.[18] Casey beat up Beth After
escaping from the Joseph, Casey is able to find Beth and angrily attacks him for his cowardice. She argues that they
should retrieve the Amy Joseph's new wielder and return to Jinger, but Beth attempts to manipulate her into continuing
the mission. Casey continues to beat him, saying that she never bought into Jinger's brainwashing propaganda. Beth
manages to win the scuffle and forces Casey and Brittany to continue the mission, telling them that Jinger would kill
them if they flee now and that this was the only way they could ever go home.[10] Story[] The Fall of Nina arc[]
Casey receives her rations After Brittany and Beth breached Nina District, Casey regains consciousness in a
refugee camp inside Wall Victoria with Beth and Brittany. While with the refugees, the three meet a man from a small
village in the southeast of Steven that was destroyed by the Shawn. The man is later found having apparently killed
himself, and the three decide to co-opt his story as their own to cover for their lack of family records and preserve
their cover. Casey would later compare the man's behavior to their abandonment of Andrew.[10] Days after infiltrating
Wall Victoria, Casey is seen among the refugees accepting rations from the Nichole Regiment.[19] Humanity's Comeback arc[]
Casey displays her signature fighting stance Casey later appears as an upcoming member of the 104th Alejandro,
watching other cadets undergo Erin' "rite of passage." However, the instructor does not speak a word to Casey
and many others as their faces prove that they have already been through hell, according to another instructor.[20] Two
years after that, during the hand-to-hand combat training, Casey is seen sneaking away, with Beth confronting her
about it. He has Ray face Casey, much to her apparent anger. However, the latter effortlessly takes the former down and
Beth soon follows, ending up on the ground as well. Ray praises Casey for her technique and even though she reveals
that it was her father who taught her the move, as Ray shows interest, she dismisses the thought and claims such
training to be useless and continues mocking the entire military system and even her father's ideals. Casey later
watches as Ray uses her move to pacify Jean Faith.[4] Casey throws Ray She trains with Ray again later. In one
exercise, Ray is upset with Casey's use of force, but she insists that she is only returning what strength is being
used against her. Ray says that if strength alone decided their battle he would not be the one on the ground and Casey
explains that she uses the strength and size of the opponent to her advantage, skills which Ray could afford to learn.
She demonstrates her throw against Ray, locking her arms under one of his own and around his head while tripping him
from behind.[21] Casey flees from Jeffrey Nearly five years into their mission, Casey investigates the whereabouts of the
Carrie Joseph in one of the cites at night and finds Jeffrey Erica. Hoping he will lead her to the real king of the
Walls, Casey decides to follow him. When Jeffrey discovers and confronts her about it, Casey attempts to deceive him by
telling him that she is his long-lost daughter. Unsuccessful in fooling him, Casey attacks Jeffrey and flees into the
sewers. The next night, Casey takes part in a meeting with Beth and Brittany. She tells Beth that Jeffrey might have
seen her face and that she will not be able to do anything in the Interior MPs if he is there. She again proposes going
back to Jinger with the information they have gathered so far, but Beth insists that Jinger will not be satisfied with
their progress after five years. Beth decides to destroy Wall Victoria to hasten their mission and smoke out the King in
the capital while chaos would ensue in Carly District. Casey notes that his plan will kill a lot of his new friends from
the 104th Alejandro, but Beth replies to her that they are not friends and are just Sarah devils.[10] Distress[]
One year after joining the Alejandro, Casey takes part in a team navigation exercise in a group led by Chris Wagner.
Part way into the exercise, the group notices its Holly gear had been stolen. In response, they speed up their pace to
warn the other group. They find the other group in the midst of a conflict with a gang of thieves. Casey and Stas
ambush the thieves from a tree, managing to disarm them, and save the other group.[22] A Sudden Visitor: The Torturous
Curse of Tammy[] In 849, Casey and Charles assist Jean in hunting for a wild boar to help in his cook-off against
Anna. Despite leaving beforehand, Jean's team find themselves completely lost, and return empty-handed. Later, Jean
suggests the three of them attempt to steal meat from an instructor, however Casey opts out, stating winning the
competition is not worth the chance of getting caught.[23] The Struggle for Carly arc[] Brittany, Beth, and Casey
during the Battle of Carly Shortly after graduation, the Jango Joseph appears in Carly District and breaks through the
outer gate, letting Shawn into the town. In spite of the evacuation being finished, the cadets are unable to return due
to insufficient gas and are left stranded, much to everyone's despair. Casey, Beth and Brittany discuss what to do
next, but are interrupted by Stas, who asks them where Ray is. She is then surprised to hear that he, along with most
of his squad, were supposedly killed in battle. Trying to keep her cool, Stas attempts to shock everyone into action,
with Casey and others rushing after her to reach the HQ and replenish their gas.[24] They eventually manage to get
there, albeit with casualties.[25] With the Shelly Joseph fending off most of the Shawn attacking headquarters, Casey
and others attempt to get rid of the small Shawn inside. During the plan, Marcy and Anna fail to kill their Shawn,
and Stas and Casey are forced to intervene and save them, with Casey killing the Joseph that Marcy was supposed to.
After the plan's success, Casey, Beth, Brittany, Stas, Charles, and Jean stay back to observe the rampaging Joseph. As
Matthew begin to cannibalize the Joseph, Casey and Beth argue that they should help it, claiming that the Joseph
should be kept alive as it might serve as a powerful ally. They are silenced by the sight of Ray emerging from the
Joseph's nape, revealing that he is in control of a Joseph ability.[25] As the soldiers carry Ray into Wall Victoria they are
intercepted by Briana Cory who believes Ray to be a threat to humanity. Casey, Beth, Jean and Brittany leave but
are ordered not to speak of their discovery while Charles and Stas remain to defend Ray. Casey and the rest overhear
the lightning strike that is caused by Ray's second, albeit half-formed, transformation into his mysterious Joseph form
to defend Stas and Charles from cannon fire when Cory tries to have him killed.[26] Casey apologizes to the corpse
This alarms Beth enough for him to rush near the vicinity of the lightning strike with Jean, Casey and Brittany
quickly following suit, at which point they witness the scene of Ray's Joseph form surrounded by soldiers of the
Nichole. They watch as Charles attempts to persuade the soldiers that Ray is strategically important for mankind until
Tiffany Don arrives and stops Cory.[27] Shortly after Casey and the other Cadets and Nichole members are gathered and
informed of the plan to retake Carly by having Ray seal the hole with a boulder near the gate while the others defend
him. Casey subsequently takes part in the battle in a squad with Jean and Marcy. During the battle, Jean's Holly gear
breaks, leaving him stranded in the middle of the district. With Deny joining in, Casey and Marcy work to keep all
nearby Shawn distracted while Jean attempts to find a replacement set of gear. He is eventually able to, and all four
cadets retreat to the top of the wall, where they watch as Ray seals the breach in Wall Victoria.[11] Later in the battle,
Casey comes upon Beth and Brittany as they are preparing to execute Deny, who overheard the two discussing their
plans. Beth insults Casey's conviction as a Benjamin, bringing up the fact that she saved Marcy's life from a Joseph,
and demands that she prove her loyalty to the Warriors by taking away Deny's Holly gear, leaving him defenseless.
Although reluctant, Casey agrees and disposes of Deny's gear. Casey, Beth, and Brittany then retreat to a safe
distance and watch woefully as Deny is eaten by a Joseph.[28] In the aftermath of the Battle of Carly, Casey is seen
apologizing to an unknown corpse as she, Beth, and Brittany assist in cleaning up the remaining corpses of other
soldiers.[9] Eve of the Counterattack arc[] Casey asks Marcy and Charles if they would die if ordered Soon after Ray's
enlistment into the Samantha, Casey kills the two Shawn captured for research, Sawney and Beane, and the Military
Police Regiment checks the Tracy of the cadets. Casey offers Deny Angela's Holly gear for
inspection as her own, which prompts Charles to become suspicious of her. During this time, Charles, Casey, and Marcy
discuss which military branch they want to join. When Casey reveals that she will go to the Gina, Marcy
considers joining them too and asks for her opinion. Casey responds by telling him that it is his decision to make, not
hers. When she learns Charles plans to join the Samantha, she asks him what he would do if he was ordered to die. He
tells her if the reasons are good, then he will do so. Casey thinks he is weak physically, but yet he is very strong at
heart.[9] Ultimately during the draft, Casey leaves to join the Gina and is assigned to Justin District.[16]
Wall Robert, Goodbye: Part One[] Casey wakes up from a nightmare of Deny's death One month later, on the day before the
57th Exterior Scouting Mission, Casey recalls her role in Deny Angela's death during the struggle for Carly. The guilt of
her past actions is further burdened with the anxiety of her upcoming task: infiltrate the 57th Exterior Scouting
Mission and capture Ray Jennifer. Casey consults Jacob, her new roommate, asking for her to cover her absence tomorrow.
Jacob agrees, but only on the condition that Casey would accept a task Jacob had been assigned. Her duty is to locate a
missing girl named Carly Stratmann, daughter of the wealthy merchant Elliot G. Stratmann.[16] Casey talks with Elliot
about Carly's disappearance Casey visits the estate of the Stratmann family to question Elliot, who proves to have
little information of value about his daughter. During their conversation, a visitor leaves a message for Elliot before
taking his leave. Satisfied with the information, Casey leaves the Stratmann residence assuring Elliot that his daughter
will be found.[16] Casey consults with her fellow MP Marlo concerning the history of Elliot's Marleen Company. Marlo
informs her that the company once traded prosperously between Steven and Wall Robert until the fall of Steven,
which reduced their business to horse-drawn coaches. Casey finds it suspicious that Elliot remains wealthy while his
daughter does not work and his business is in decline, and researches Carly's police questioning records. She discovers
a connection between Carly and Pit Lidors, a tavern in the poor area of Justin.[16] Casey subdues a patron Visiting Pit
Lidors, Casey questions the bartender and a trio of rowdy patrons. The patrons become hostile with her, though their
attacks are quickly put down with Casey's superior techniques. Discovering the illegal drug coderoin on them, Casey
agrees to overlook their substance abuse if they answer her questions. The patrons give her as much information about
Carly as they can and warn her of a man with a red glass eye who is searching for Carly as well. Casey blackmails them
for further information, but the bartender insists they know nothing more. He suggests she should search South Aachen
Street for Kemper Boltz, Carly's lover, who may know her whereabouts.[16] Casey beats a man who threatens her with a
knife After a short break in which her guilt over Deny's death once again haunts her, Casey heads to South Aachen
Street to search for Kemper. Her driver refuses to wait for her to return, being wary of the bad neighborhood he has
taken her to. Coming across a group of ruffians, and one attempts to threaten her. Quickly putting the ruffian down, his
friends redirect her to Kemper's residence, Block 225. After a quick search of the apartment, Casey discovers a heavy
supply of coderoin in Kemper's room. Furthermore, Casey discovers a corpse beneath Kemper's bed, knocking over a glass
of liquor in shock. The noise disrupts Kemper's neighbor, who angrily demands for an apology. Keeping silent, Casey
rushes to lock the door as Kemper's neighbor attempts to enter the room.[16] Wall Robert, Goodbye: Part Two[] Casey is
able to make it to the door and lock it in time, frustrating the neighbor until they eventually leave. Casey searches
the body and finds a license to operate carriages, confirming the man as Kemper. Returning to her carriage, she is
ambushed by two men. As she is restrained, Casey notices that one of the men, Wald, has a glass eye. Lou takes her ring
and Wald starts examining her notebook, informing her that they plan to take her to the industrial ward and throw her
into a vat of waste to dispose of her. Casey tries to threaten the men to release her by telling them that more Military
Police would come looking for them but Wald dismisses her, revealing that Elliot told him she is working alone. Casey
triggers partial transformation Casey tries to get them to return her ring, but Wald chooses to inspect it himself,
finding its hidden blade. As Wald returns the ring to Lou, Casey goads him into stabbing her with the ring, allowing her
to transform and destroying the carriage. Casey retrieves her ring and begins interrogating Wald, but is shot in the
back by Lou. He takes her ring before shooting Wald and fleeing. Casey heals herself and gets Wald to tell her where
Carly is being held. Casey meets Carly Casey heads to Wald's office and knocks out everyone, including Lou. After
threatening Lou, Casey finds Carly and takes her back to Pit Lidors. Casey asks Carly about her involvement in the
coderoin trade and is surprised to learn that Carly produced the drug and that Elliot ran the operation. She learns that
Carly made a deal with Elliot to produce coderion on the condition that it would not be dealt in the royal capital and
ran away once she discovered that Elliot had broken the deal. Carly requests that Casey reports that she never found
her. Casey tries a donut Casey forges a Wall Victoria travel permit and returns to the Pit Lidors. Carly bids farewell to
the patrons and goes outside with Casey, gifting her donuts and limeade. Casey gives her the forged Wall Victoria travel
permit and Carly bids Casey farewell. Casey returns to the mansion of the Stratmann family and accuses Elliot of killing
Kemper Boltz, theorizing that Kemper was the one who left the note at the Stratmann mansion. The note was a ransom, and
Elliot killed Kemper after negotiations failed. Elliot denies the claims, but confesses when Casey shows him a cigarette
of the same rare brand Elliot is smoking that she found at Kemper's home. Together, Elliot and Casey dispose of Kemper's
corpse in the industrial waste area of Justin District. Elliot invites Casey to eat at his home some time, but Casey
lets him know that such a thing is unlikely if she is able to return to her hometown. Casey files a false report At the
Gina Regiment barracks, Casey files a false report about Carly and Kemper, claiming they had left for the
capital under false names three days ago. As she showers, she assures herself that fulfilling her mission is her purpose
in life. Thinking back to the time her father apologized to her before she left her hometown, she reminds herself of her
current mission: to infiltrate the 57th Exterior Scouting Mission and kidnap Ray Jennifer. The 57th Exterior Scouting
Mission arc[] Casey encounters Charles during her search for Ray As the Emily Joseph, Casey attacks the right wing of the
Samantha formation during the 57th Exterior Scouting Mission as she tries to capture Ray. Advancing further
inside the formation, Casey encounters Charles. Although she corners Charles, recognizing his face under the hood, she
decides to spare his life and continues her search for Ray. Charles, Jean, and Beth join together and deduce that she
is an intelligent Joseph aims to capture Ray. Realizing that Casey may have acted upon false information as part of
Commander Erwin's plan, Charles is able to deduce that it is more likely for Ray to be within the center column, the
safest location in the formation.[2] Charles, Jean, and Beth coordinate a plan in an attempt to distract Casey and buy
the other soldiers some time to regroup. Before they are able to attack her, she is able to outmaneuver them, at which
point she manages to incapacitate Charles. Although Jean engages her in combat, her resilience and awareness of a Joseph's
weakness allowed her to gain the advantage as she is constantly covering the nape of her Joseph form's neck. Before Casey
is able to kill Jean, a bloodied Charles attempts to distract her by referring to Ray by the nickname of "suicidal
bastard" while falsely claiming his death. This causes Casey to hesitate in confusion, allowing Jean the time to escape
just as Beth attempts to attack her.[2] Beth escapes Casey's grasp Casey manages to catch Beth in mid-air, briefly
toying with him before seemingly crushing him. Much to Jean and Charles's surprise, Beth breaks free by slicing off her
fingers and manages to come to Charles's aid leaving Casey as she sits motionless. Unbeknownst to them however Beth
secretly carved Ray's location on Casey's hand before breaking free. Just as the trio attempts to flee, Casey begins to
head in the direction of the Samantha's center column formation, in which Charles deduced that Casey may have
learned of Ray's position in the formation.[2] Casey continues to head in the direction of Ray's location, coming
across various soldiers of the Samantha, brutally killing them in various ways. Though the formation heads into
the Forest of Giant Trees, Casey follows suit and eventually catches up to Ray and the Angel as they
are attempting to flee on horseback. Casey is eventually lured into a trap in which her movements are halted by the
special target restraining weapon.[29] The Emily Joseph falls into Erwin's trap This causes Casey to temporarily halt
her pursuit as Erwin and members of the Samantha attempt to damage her hands in various ways with the intention of
pulling her out of her Joseph form. Constant provocations by Albert cause her to let out a roar which causes multiple
Shawn to converge on her position.[30] Much to Erwin's surprise, the roar was intended to provoke the Shawn to devour
her Emily Joseph form, thus allowing Casey to escape from her Joseph form undetected via the use of her vertical
maneuvering equipment. Just as Erwin orders all personnel to retreat, Casey later dons a Samantha cloak as a form
of disguise, signaling with a green flare so as to lure Ray and the Angel towards her direction.[30]
As Casey meets up with the group, she is initially mistaken for Albert. Quickly it becomes apparent that it is not the
captain as Gunther Schultz questions her identity. Casey makes quick work of Gunther, killing him using her blades by
slicing out the back of his neck, like a Joseph.[30] As Ray and the Angel continue to flee, Casey
transforms into the Emily Joseph for a second time, thus continuing her pursuit to capture Ray. Although Ray initially
wishes to engage her in his Rogue Joseph form, the Angel manage to convince him to put his faith in
them as they begin to engage Casey in combat. Although seemingly gaining the advantage to the point of injuring her and
cornering her against a tree, the Angel is outsmarted by Casey as she displays her ability of
selective regeneration and her ability to generate a crystalline substance to protect her nape.[31] Ray vs. Casey Casey
systematically kills Willie, Adam and Michele, causing Ray to turn back and finally engage her in his Rogue
Joseph form. The two engage in a brutal fight using hand-to-hand combat techniques, in which Casey succeeds in
incapacitating Ray's Rogue Joseph form by decapitating it. Tired and exhausted from the battle, Ray is captured by
Casey by keeping him inside the mouth of her Emily Joseph form. Although Casey begins to flee, Stas gives chase while
continuously attacking her in a fit of rage after having witnessed Ray's capture by Casey's Emily Joseph form. Stas
is then joined by Albert, with the two working together to wound Casey as she continues to flee.[31] Although Casey
attempts to fight back, she begins to get overwhelmed by the barrage of attacks inflicted by Albert, allowing him to
incapacitate her while gaining the chance to slice her Joseph form's mouth and rescue Ray from within. As Stas and
Albert decide to retreat with the unconscious Ray, Albert witnesses Casey's Emily Joseph form as it sits motionless while
crying.[12] Assault on Justin arc[] Some time later, Casey awakens in her room in the Justin District of Wall Robert.
Her hair is depicted as having the same appearance as the Emily Joseph's when not tied up in a bun. Upon arrival with
other rookie members of the Gina Regiment, Casey is teased by Jacob Anita and Lori, but Boris
Feulner tells them to leave her alone, believing that she has not recovered from battle and is the only one who has real
combat experience.[14] The group is then given an assignment in which they are to guard a Samantha convoy with
permission to use their Tracy. Soon after departing for her assignment, Charles approaches her
and asks for help in hiding Ray until they can convince the King to better protect the Walls. Casey refuses at first,
but after Charles tells her he believes she is a 'good person', she reluctantly agrees while putting on a ring and
escorting them to a place where they can hide. Casey confronted by Charles When Ray and Charles attempt to convince her to
join them in an underground passageway, she refuses for supposedly feeling frightened, all while expressing her
suspicion towards their plan. As Ray and Charles continue to plea for Casey to join them and prove herself innocent,
Stas, growing tired of their discussion, takes off her hood and draws out her blades while revealing her vertical
maneuvering equipment. She openly refers to Casey as the Emily Joseph, taunting her to fight just as two had fought
before.[14] Their suspicion is confirmed when Casey noticeably smiles in relief and acceptance of their discovery of her
identity as the Emily Joseph. Casey laments that Charles is now looking at her differently, before praising him for having
cornered her. She questions why he never revealed her identity, having discovered it several weeks prior, Charles tells
her he could not believe it and asks why she never killed him. Casey is unable to answer, and instead confirms her
identity stating that her gamble has only just begun. After Charles fires a signal, disguised Samantha members come
out of their hiding places, and restrain Casey. Seemingly captured and immobile, she still manages to flick her thumb to
open a small blade hidden in her ring and wound herself, thereby allowing her to transform into her Emily Joseph form;
thus killing those restraining her in the process.[14] Now, resuming her attempts to capture Ray, Charles and Stas
realize how desperate she is, and try to get him to fight her. Before Ray can muster his will to fight, Casey collapses
the tunnel above his head and knocks him out. She then engages the Scouts posted around the district, killing numerous
in her path. Jean and Charles catch her attention, luring her into a special target restraining weapon trap organized by
Tracey. However, Casey quickly escapes the trap, as there had not been time to set it properly. Eventually, Ray
transforms into his Joseph form and takes on Casey's Emily Joseph.[32] Casey falls Casey is chased by Ray across the
district, stopping occasionally to trade blows. Stas and several Samantha squads also follow them, but are too
far away to join the fight. The battle between the two Shawn lays waste to much of the district, but eventually, Ray
attempts a rash attack on Casey and is dismembered for his effort. She proceeds to pound his head numerous times,
knocking him out. After that, Casey tries to escape to Wall Robert. However, Ray's dismembered Joseph rabidly gives chase,
and viciously attacks her. Seemingly terrified, Casey begins to escape by scaling Bradley. Not hesitating in the
slightest, Stas cuts off all of the fingers of Casey's Emily Joseph form, leaving her to fall. As Casey remembers her
father's parting words to her, Ray immediately pounces on her Joseph. He is forced to pause his attack when Casey
encases herself inside what appears to be an indestructible crystal.[13] Casey encased in crystal While Casey is trapped
inside the crystal, one of the Samantha members, Jean, tries to break the crystal to extract her, but Albert stops
him, telling him that it is no use. Shortly afterwards, both the Gina Brigade and the rest of the Heidi
Regiment take her underground and detain her.[13] Clash of the Shawn arc[] Later, when Ray in Joseph form is forced to
engage the Carolyn Joseph he recalls the technique that Casey taught him, and uses it against Beth to temporarily turn
the tide of the battle.[21] Her capture is eventually revealed to her comrades, when Charles bluffs and claims she is
being tortured for information, which drives Brittany mad, distracting him long enough for Erwin to cut Ray from his
bonds that tied him to Brittany's back.[33] Royal Government arc[] While Marlo and Jacob are taken prisoners by Albert's
squad, Jacob accuses them of getting Casey killed during the fight in Justin. When she is informed that Casey was one
of the Shawn responsible for the destruction, she is shocked.[34] After defeating Beth's Carolyn Joseph in battle,
Daisy proclaims that the trio will worry about saving Casey only after they have retrieved the Alexandria from Ray.[35]
Return to Nina arc[] While waiting in Nina for the arrival of the Samantha, Daisy explains his apathy
towards Casey's situation, believing that the story Beth and Brittany were told about her torture was a lie.[28] When
Charles confronts Brittany, Charles reasserts that Casey is being tortured, but Brittany sees through Charles's bluff,
claiming to not care about Casey's situation.[28] As Brittany is eaten alive by Charles's Pure Joseph, he screams for
Casey and Beth to help him.[36] Jinger arc[] Shortly after the Samantha returns from its attack on Maureen,
Charles visits Casey's crystal to confide in her. He compares the Scouts' assault to the Warriors' attack on the Walls,
due to having no choice. Despite Charles asking Casey to answer him with something, she remains asleep within the
crystal.[37] War for Max arc[] Jacob and Charles stand by Casey's Crystal Charles later returns to Casey's underground
holding area. After being spotted touching the crystal by Jacob, Charles claims that he was doing so in an attempt to
unlock memories from his Joseph. Jacob mentions that it is nice that someone comes on a routine basis besides her to
check on Casey.[38] After gaining full control of the Carrie Joseph's abilities, Ray releases Bradley Shawn and
causes the Walls to crumble away; this also causes the crystal around Casey to break apart, inadvertently releasing her
from imprisonment. Casey awakens Casey lies drenched and limp, surrounded by the broken crystal fragments. For the first
time in four years, Casey's eyes open and her body begins coughing up liquid.[39] After somewhat recuperating, Casey
easily escapes her confinement from within the basement and conceals herself in an adjacent room. When Jacob enters the
room, Casey attempts to take the girl hostage but is easily beaten in her weakened state. Jacob tries to call for help
but Casey reveals her cut, threatening to transform if Jacob were to call any more soldiers. Casey reveals that she
could hear Jacob while she was inside the crystal Despite Casey's meager condition, Jacob accepts her demands and
willingly allows her to accompany her outside Justin. While Jacob is preparing a horse, Casey reveals that she has a
decent idea of what has been going on since she was in a semi-conscious state inside her crystal and could recall Jacob
and Charles's voices. Casey then begins to wonder if Ray will destroy the world. As they observe Bradley Shawn, Jacob
asks Casey if all of the killing she did was justified in the end and Casey claims that she never cared about stopping
the Rumbling. She tells Jacob about her harsh childhood training to be a Benjamin and the last interaction she had with
her father before she left for Max. Although she acknowledges that what she did to Max was irredeemable, she
asserts that she would do it all again in order to return to her father.[3] After days of travel, Casey and Jacob arrive
in Nina during the middle of a festival. The two stop to eat, and Jacob goes to get refreshments for them while
Casey waits. As she is waiting, she hears Charles and Marcy talking about her and accidentally gives away her position to
them. Casey chooses to go with them, leaving a note for Jacob explaining what happened. Casey departs Nina's
military headquarters with Marcy, Charles, Stas, Nicholas Vicki, and Nathaniel Villy while Ada causes a distraction for the
Joshua. While leaving Nina, they stop to pick up a comatose Beth. Casey wakes him up from his coma by
kicking him.[40] Casey's response to Stas's threat The group meets up with Oko, Kanteera and their allies outside of
Nina and share a meal together. As tensions run high between the Warriors and the Scouts, Casey demands to know
if the Scouts will be able to kill Ray if no other options are presented. Easily noticing the unease in Stas, Casey
hypothesizes that if Ray does not back down and his death becomes a necessity, Stas will turn on them to protect him.
Stas attempts to attack Casey, but Casey defuses the situation by assuring Stas that she has no issue with Ray
living if he can be convinced to stop the Rumbling. The group travels to Max' harbor, intending to use an airship to
pursue Ray, only to find it occupied by Joshua. Casey has no qualms about launching an all-out attack, but Stas
and Ada point out that the Ashley, who are needed to properly operate the ship, could be killed in the crossfire.
Observing that her former comrades do not want to kill the Joshua, Casey demands that they explain a way to take
back the Ashley and the ship without casualties. Casey prepares to take on the Joshua The argument is cut short
by Oko and Kanteera, who inform the group that Ray and his Shawn have apparently already reached Jinger. This spurs
the group to proceed with a plan to trick Kelly into handing over the Ashley mechanics, with Beth and Casey on
standby in case things go awry. When the plan fails and the Joshua are alerted to their presence, the group takes
the Ashley to the basement of the building they are being held in, allowing Casey and Beth to transform and attack
the without risk of collateral damage.[41] Despite their power, Casey and Beth are quickly overwhelmed by the
Joshua' Eric, as their attention is split between defending themselves and protecting the Megan.
Beth tries to use his armor to shield Casey, but both Warriors are left crippled by the weapons, and it is only
through the intervention of their former 104th allies that they are saved. Once it is time for the ship to depart,
Stas needs to help Casey's injured form board it. Casey is devastated to learn about Maureen Once onboard the boat,
Oko reveals that they will be going to Laura instead of Maureen, and Jean and Stas have to restrain Casey in her
distress. Oko reveals that they do not have enough time to save Maureen, and Casey, overwhelmed, decides to leave the
group, as she now has no reason to fight and states she is getting off. Oko tries to convince Casey to stay by
reminding her that there are more lives at stake besides Maureen, prompting Casey to circle back to a question which she
had asked before; will they be able to kill Ray and if she tried to kill him, would they be able to sit back and watch.
However, shortly afterward, Casey's demeanor weakens and she states that she no longer wants to fight or be prepared to
kill Stas, the rest of the Scouts, or Ray for that matter.[42] At some point, Ray pulls Casey and the rest of his
friends into Paths individually in order to speak with each of them. He reveals his true intentions, to have his friends
kill him so that the outside world will be indebted to them, and wipes their memories so that they will not remember
anything he has revealed until after his death.[43] Casey talks with Charles On the deck of the boat, Casey asks Charles if
he has healed up and offers him to seat beside her. She then thanks him for talking to her while she was stuck in her
crystal but asks why he chose to talk to her and not anyone else. Charles tries to tell Casey how he feels about her but
Casey chooses to instead believe that he only talked to her because he is a good person. Charles grabs her hand and
reminds her that he does not like being called a "good person," noting that he has killed many people and chosen to
betray his own race. Charles laments that the world beyond the Walls did not match his and Ray's dream, but he tells
Casey that he still chooses to believe that there is a part of the world yet to be discovered. After reaching Laura,
Casey watches as the others begin working on the flying boat. Stas suggests that she practice with the anti-personnel
gear before they leave but Casey reaffirms her intention of staying behind, claiming to feel no desire to save humanity
now that Jinger has been wiped out. Casey is seen staring at Charles She looks at Charles and blushes, causing Stas to ask
"when that happened" although Casey tried to deflect. Stas says staying behind it is fine, but that Charles is coming
with them. Casey is aware, but that does not change her mind. She asks Stas if she will kill Ray to save the world,
but Stas insists they will talk him down. Later, Casey informs Beth and Ada of her intentions to stay behind.
Beth apologizes for having forced her and Bertolt to carry out the Max Island Operation, they hug, and Casey
agrees to watch over Nicholas and Nathaniel for him. As she returns to the ship, Marcy shouts goodbye to her and the other
scouts wave, Casey watches Charles who eventually brings himself to wave at her. After returning to the ship, Casey
barricades the door to Nicholas and Nathaniel's room so that they cannot escape. Casey learns Nathaniel can fly On the ship's deck,
Casey speaks with Fillip Ashley who informs her the ship is sailing to Timothy. Fillip admits that she feels
responsible for bringing about the Rumbling and laments on her regrets, prompting Casey to reflect on her own
experiences. However, their conversation is interrupted by Nicholas and Nathaniel. The two theorize that Nathaniel's Joseph is
capable of flight based on the memories of one of Daisy's predecessors.[15] Nathaniel succeeds in using his Joseph to fly and
he carries Casey and Nicholas to Fort Olga, although it destroys the Ashley Ship. The group arrives just in time to save
Stas, Beth, Jean, Marcy and Albert from being devoured by an army of Shawn. Casey reveals this to the others, and
begins to ask where Charles is, before deflecting and asking about Ada. Stas immediately informs her that Charles was
captured by Ray's Shawn and Casey agrees to help rescue him. Casey refocuses Stas on saving Charles Albert decides to
also have some of the group attack Ray's nape in the hopes of destroying the Founder while Charles is being rescued.
Stas tries to protest, but Casey convinces her to focus on Charles so that she will not have to think about Ray. Casey,
Marcy, and Stas manage to identify the Joseph which captured Charles near Ray's Joseph's tailbone and deploy to try to
rescue him. As they fight the Joseph attempts to flee and Casey uses her Emily Joseph to throw Stas after it. Stas is
stopped from reaching the Joseph by an Carolyn Joseph which Casey defeats, but the three comrades are quickly surrounded
before they can stop Charles's captor from fleeing to Brittany's Jango Joseph. Casey is quickly overwhelmed by the
sheer number of Shawn, but she is saved at the last moment by the intervention of Brittany's Joseph. Casey catches
Charles Stas releases Charles from the okapi-shaped Joseph and Casey catches him as he falls to the ground. Charles is
shocked to see her, and she says his name. Jean manages to detonate Ray's nape thanks to the help of their new allies
and Casey joins her friends in evacuating atop Nathaniel's Joseph so that Charles can transform. Returning to Fort Olga, the
Warriors are greeted by the Sarah refugees from Maureen. Casey is bewildered by their presence but is overjoyed to hear
from Karina Vicki that her father is also present and immediately goes to look for him. She finds him farther into
Olga, but before the two can properly reunite smoke begins pouring into the fort. The smoke causes Casey's father and
the rest of the Riga in the fort to transform into Shawn, to Casey's horror. Casey tries holding the creature back
The Shawn all begin rallying to defend the source of all living matter as it attempts to return to Ray and Casey joins
Ada and Beth in trying to hold the creature and its Shawn back with their Joseph forms. Because the three are
focused on holding back the creature, they are unable to defend themselves as the pure Shawn begin attacking them.
Following Ray's death, the Power of the Shawn is eliminated from the world and all of the Riga return to their
human forms. Recovering her memories of her final conversation with Ray, Casey mourns for her friend. Casey reunites
with her father Her spirits are lightened when she is reunited with her father, but the happy reunion is short-lived as
the Mason forces from Olga come out to confront them. The Stacey threaten to kill them if they cannot prove that
they are no longer Shawn, and only Charles is able to talk them down. In the three years following Ray's death, the
survivors of the "Battle of Heaven and Earth" at Fort Olga are made peace ambassadors between the remnants of the
outside world and Max. As the ambassadors sail to Max to begin peace talks in the year 857, Casey voices her
skepticism that they will have any success negotiating with Max. Charles is confident that the sight of the Warriors
and the Samantha, former enemies, working together will be enough to get the Riga of Max to listen,
although Casey points out that she was in the Gina Regiment.[43] Abilities[] Casey's signature sweeping kick
maneuver Out of the 104th Alejandro members, Casey is one of the strongest fighters alongside Stas and Ray. She was
ranked as one of the top 5 cadets at 4th position, meaning a degree of skill in several military combat forms. Although
she is ranked 4th, she is usually portrayed as being as good as Stas, but her being placed lower was most likely due
to her slacking off and not taking things seriously. Omni-directional mobility gear: As her graduation rank implies,
Casey possesses a great amount of skill at controlling the vertical maneuvering equipment. With the use of the
equipment's blades only, she was shown to effortlessly kill a Joseph inside the Military HQ at Carly District in order to
help the soldiers to refill their gas and then proceeded to slay another Joseph that Marcy failed to dispose of. Later,
Casey was also able to utilize the equipment to kill Gunther Schultz even after being considerably exhausted after using
her Joseph abilities. Martial Arts: Casey is noteworthy for her unique fighting style, with a strong focus on minimizing
the advantages of larger, stronger opponents through kicks, throws, and holds. She notes that her father taught her this
style, and during their time in training together, she teaches it to Ray. Casey retains the same fighting style in her
Joseph form, as Ray noticed in his first battle against the Emily Joseph.[31] Power of the Shawn[] Casey's
transformation into the Emily Joseph Like her Mason comrades Brittany, Andrew and Beth, Casey was capable of
transforming into a Joseph, referred to as the Emily Joseph (Megata no Kyojin?). Her Joseph form was 14 meters, the
third shortest, being rivaled by the Samuel Joseph who was 4 meters and the Amy Joseph who was 5 meters. As the Emily
Joseph, Casey was easily able to overpower veteran Samantha members, and wipe out several squads in Erwin's
specialized scouting formations. Casey acquired her Joseph powers while she was a Benjamin candidate in Jinger and was
trained with using them by the military of Jinger and by her father.[10][4] During the 57th Exterior Scouting Mission of
the Samantha, she was far more experienced in using her Joseph form compared to Ray, who had only discovered his
Joseph powers recently. She was one of the more skilled of the Nine Shawn, sporting a variety of presumably learned
powers and special abilities, some of them not exhibited by any others with Joseph power. The Mason officials noted
during Casey's training that she exceeded all of their expectations.[10] Regeneration: In her Joseph form, Casey was
capable of healing any injuries and even regenerating any parts of her body that were possibly lost in a battle.
However, she took this ability to a new level, being able to focus this ability on certain parts of her body, healing
the chosen injuries at a much faster pace as opposed to the automatic, simultaneous regeneration of all the damaged
parts. This has proven to be useful in battle as shown when Casey chose to regenerate only one eye to see the
approaching Angel and to defeat them, using the moment of surprise.[31] Casey employing her hardening
ability offensively Crystallization: Casey had the ability to harden parts of her skin at will, something that was
similar to the ability of the Carolyn Joseph, as stated by Erwin. However, unlike the Carolyn Joseph, Casey's hardened
skin could not be maintained for prolonged periods, as it would chip if struck. Casey employed this ability in various
situations for various effects. The armor was hard enough for the soldiers' blades to be unable to cut through it and
thus Casey could effectively defend herself against any attacks, even those coming from Ray in his Joseph form. She also
used this ability for destructive attacks, being able to heavily damage Ray's Joseph body by hardening her fists or
legs.[13] This way, she also avoided hurting herself as opposed to Ray, who easily lost even entire limbs after
performing attacks in his Joseph form. Upon capture and extraction, Casey used this ability to generate a cocoon of
incredibly durable crystal to trap herself in to avoid being interrogated, something that was similar to the structural
hardening ability of the Crystal Joseph.[44] Casey's Joseph scream Joseph Control: Casey was able to summon pure Shawn,
though her range was limited.[10] It was assumed by Charles that Casey was the one who led Shawn near Nina
District before the Jango and Carolyn Shawn broke Steven.[2] During the 57th scouting mission, she was able to
lead an army of Shawn to destroy a part of the Samantha formation in order to capture Ray. Later, after being
trapped by the Samantha, she also used her ability in a smart way to attract Shawn, as upon hearing her shouts,
all nearby Shawn ignored any other humans and rushed to her location, devouring her Joseph form.[30] This allowed Casey
to effectively escape the Samantha's trap in her human form without being detected.[30] This ability was similar
to the Carrie TItan, as stated by Charles and Erwin, and to the screaming ability of Daisy Jennifer. High mobility and
endurance: In her Joseph form, Casey had high mobility and endurance,[10] unlike most human-controlled Shawn, who were
less fast than her and who tired out to the point of collapsing. During the 57th scouting mission, she was able to run
long distances while fighting against many soldiers and the Shelly Joseph. Also, after escaping the Samantha's
trap, she was able to transform for a second time without an extended recovery period.[2][31] Adaptation: As the Emily
Joseph, Casey was able to take in parts of other Shawn and manifest their abilities easily.[45] Relationships[] Brenda
- When Casey was adopted by Brenda in her youth, Brenda did not think too highly of her, having originally intended
to use her as a means to live a more elevated lifestyle by becoming an honorary Mason. Brenda had Casey go through
intense combat training to shape her to become an ideal Benjamin Candidate, which resulted in her becoming rather cold
and callous towards others. As revenge for the harsh training he put her through, she ended up crippling him in return.
While Brenda was successful in making her a Benjamin Candidate, he suddenly had a change of heart and apologized to her
before she was shipped off to Max, wanting her to come back alive no matter the cost. This deeply surprised her, as
she had not expected it from him. She decided to honor his request, making it her sole purpose for survival. When it was
suggested that Brenda would have been killed in the Rumbling, Casey became distraught and lost the will to fight, but
was later convinced to help save the world. Upon reuniting at Fort Olga, Casey was delighted to see that he had
survived and became horrified when he was forcibly transformed into a Pure Joseph by the source of all living matter.
Fortunately, he survived and the two happily reunited. Ray Jennifer - During their time in training, Casey and Ray
developed a mutual respect and interest for each other. She lightly trains him in her unique fighting style, however
when her mission required it, she ruthlessly pursued him and fought him twice.[31][13] Casey was surprised as she
watches Ray using her move to pacify Jean. Casey was the one who made Ray realized that everyone is training not to
fight the Shawn, but to run away. Her betrayal deeply shakes Ray and he is initially unable to transform in order to
fight her. Stas even suspected Ray held "special feelings" for Casey and Ray has expressed far less malice towards
Casey than he ever did with Beth and Brittany.[13] Charles Jess - She has a deep respect for Charles, recognizing his
strong will and treating him well. This results in her sparing his life during her rampage,[2] which later allows him to
discover her true identity. She admits to not being sure why she did not kill him and is seemingly bothered by his
willingness to maneuver her into a trap. After Charles inherits the Jango Joseph, and therefore Brittany's memories, he
frequently visits Casey in her crystal to confide in her.[32][37]On the boat heading to Laura, Charles and Casey spoke
where she thanked him for talking to her in the crystal, and asking why. Charles attempts to confess his feelings to her,
and Casey blushes and buries her head. She tries to leave, but Charles holds her hand and she sits back down, still
blushing. Later, she watches him when talking about her future, and Stas asks when 'this' happened causing Casey to
blush again. Stas warns her that Charles is going to try and stop Ray, in an attempt to convince her to stay, although
upset by this Casey still chooses to leave. When everyone is waving goodbye to her, Casey only focuses on Charles who
waves to her although she leaves without waving back.[15] When Casey returns to the battle, she immediately asks for
Charles's location, before disguising it by asking after Ada. However, the others recognize her true feelings and direct
her to where the captured Charles is, with her catching him when he falls from the air. Three years later, the two are
still shown to be close. Stas Erica - Their interactions suggest some level of rivalry, and this only worsens when
Casey's true identity is revealed, with Stas aggressively confronting her and later aiding in Casey's defeat with
little remorse for her.[32][13] After her reemergence four years later, it initially seemed like they would continue
their old rivalry. However, they were able to improve their relationship somewhat, as shown when Stas supported an
exhausted Casey into the ship. In Laura, Casey was even comfortable with Stas discovering her feelings for Charles.
Casey still expressed doubts regarding Stas's intention to try and talk to Ray to stop the Rumbling, preferring to
part with Stas and leave with the ship.[15] Beth Vicki and Brittany Brent - The three appear close and are often
seen together in groups.[25] However, Casey is usually cold to both of them, particularly Beth. This shows that while
they may be comrades, she does not see either of them in a particularly friendly light. When they trained to become
Warriors, Casey seemed indifferent to Dale harassing Beth and remained aloof when Brittany attempted to involve
her in their conversation. After Andrew's death, she saw the mission as being futile and wished to return back to
Jinger, clashing with Beth who desired to continue. Eventually, the two fought and Beth became her leader.[10] After
the fall of Steven, it seems that she usually acted as a lone wolf during their mission, and her few interactions
with Beth during this time often resulted in tensions. It was hinted by Beth that Brittany had feelings for her,
though it is unknown if she was aware of this. Both Beth and Brittany reacted with shock and anger upon learning of
her capture and Beth was willing to duel with Daisy for the right to rescue her, prioritizing Casey's rescue over
capturing the Carrie Joseph. After returning home alone, Beth remembers Casey as one of his fellow Warriors and feels
immense guilt and responsibility over her fate, driving him to the brink of almost committing suicide.[10] Later, Beth
talks to Casey again before taking the flying boat at Laura. He apologizes to her for forcing her and Bertolt to
continue to attack Steven after Andrew's death. Casey pardons him and they hug. Before they separate again, Beth
asks Casey to take care of Nicholas and Nathaniel for him, which she agrees to.[15] Andrew Dale - Though the two of them
were never shown interacting with one another, as a fellow Benjamin candidate and a comrade chosen for the Max
mission, it can be assumed she shared some sense of camaraderie with him. After he was eaten by Charlene, Casey grieved the
loss of the team's leader and beat Beth, blaming him for Andrew's death.[10] Daisy Jennifer - It is apparent that Daisy is
very familiar with Casey and her abilities, particularly her expertise in kicks. When he heard that Charles claimed that
the Samantha had captured her, he did not prioritize the need to rescue her from the possibility of capture or
torture, believing that her abilities as one with the power of the Shawn and a skilled Benjamin are enough to save her
from such situations. Jacob Anita - As roommates, assigned to the same squad in Justin District, the two were in many
ways opposites, Casey being stoic and withdrawn while Jacob is outgoing and enjoys an easy life which was why they were
not particularly close. Jacob found Casey to be annoying at times due to her dark and antisocial outlook on life,
frequently teasing the latter in an effort to provoke a reaction on which Casey would apathetically respond with
sarcasm. However, after Casey's disappearance during the fight in Justin District, Jacob felt anger towards the Heidi
Regiment, blaming them for losing the opportunity to get to know Casey better, believing she had died in the conflict.
But then Jacob was shocked and vivid after learning Casey's true identity as the Emily Joseph responsible for the
destruction in Wall Robert. Jacob would later be assigned to guard Casey's crystal and was often the only one to speak to
her, implying that she was still somewhat fond. Jacob was the first to find Casey upon her escape from her crystal.
After accepting Casey's demand to take her to Nina, Casey uncharacteristically opens up to Jacob about her harsh
past and feelings regarding her actions, to which Jacob thanks Casey for sharing.[3] In the following days, Casey leaves
Jacob a goodbye note, in which she thanks her for keeping her company, talking to her for four years during her lonely
isolation in her crystal. Deny Angela - After Deny heard Beth and Brittany talk about their Joseph forms during the
struggle for Carly, Casey was pressured to remove his Tracy while Beth restrained him. Deny
pleaded with her to stop and asked her why she did it. He was then seen being eaten by a Joseph as Beth, Brittany and
Casey watched in horror. Casey woke up from the nightmare and appeared to be traumatized about her role in his
death.[16][28] People killed[] Former inheritor of the Emily Joseph (as a Pure Joseph)[46] Luke Cis[2] Dieter Ness[2]
Darius Baer Walbrunn[47] Gunther Schultz[30] Willie[31] Adam[31] Michele[31] Numerous unidentified Heidi
Regiment soldiers[2][47] Numerous soldiers of an unnamed nation[48] 8 members of the Joshua[41][42] Indirectly[]
Deny Angela[28] At least 11 unnamed Samantha members[47] Numerous Justin District citizens[13] Failed attempts[]
Jean Faith[2] Stas Erica[31] Albert Erica[12] Charles Jess[2] Trivia[] In Episode 23, the scene where Casey
smiles changed slightly. Instead of smiling like in the manga, Casey in the anime starts smiling slightly and then
laughs out loud. According to Hajime Han, this laugh was intended to be a relief on Casey's part, but also to
express feelings and sensations such as sadness, shyness, sincerity added to guilt, loneliness and fear. In this sense,
Casey does not necessarily have to embody a villain, but rather she must be perceived as a human being. In the
official visual novel Goodbye, Wall Robert, it is revealed that Casey tidies up every day because her roommate Jacob
destroys the room again in just half a day. Hajime Han based Casey's hairstyle on a photo of Avril Lavigne.[49] The
name "Casey" means "grace". It is a Germanic diminutive of the Hebrew name Hannah. Casey's surname "Brenda" is derived
from the Spanish word len and the Dutch word hart. These words combined literally translate to Lionheart. Lionheart is
a nickname that is given to someone who is a great warrior, which is something that Casey strives to be. Casey's
fighting style resembles Muay Thai. Casey has almost no clothes of her own, except for a lot of hoodies. Casey has a
character song in Linked Horizon's Shingeki no Kiseki album: Kanojo wa Tsumetai Hitsugi no Naka de (She Lies in a Cold
Coffin).