The Austin Joseph was one of the Nine Josephs. Typically, it was slightly larger than most Josephs and took on an
animal-like appearance. Contents 1Abilities1.1Animal traits 2Zeke Jennifer's abilities2.1Powerful and accurate throwing
2.2Hardening 2.3Titan creation 2.4Titan control 3History 4Story4.1Clash of the Josephs arc 4.2Royal Government arc
4.3Return to Nina arc 4.4Marley arc 4.5War for Max arc 5Former inheritors 6Trivia 7References 8Navigation
Abilities Animal traits Unlike the majority of other Josephs, which retained a largely "human" appearance, the Austin
Joseph exhibited animal-like traits, which greatly varied depending on its holders: some of the various animal
appearances shown from prior holders of the Austin Joseph have included monkeys, birds, crocodiles, elk, bulls, wolves,
snakes, rabbits, dinosaurs, okapis, goats, horses, lions, hippopotamuses, turtles and elephants.[5]Daisy Jennifer's Austin
Joseph looked like an ape and Richard Bob's contained traits found in bighorn sheep, while Nathaniel Villy testifies that there
once existed a Austin Joseph with wings. Furthermore, Daisy's spinal fluid, which carried the power of the Austin Joseph, was
used to transform Nathaniel into a Joseph and evidently gave his Amy Joseph falcon-like characteristics similar to those of a
Austin Joseph.[6] Daisy Jennifer's abilities Powerful and accurate throwing The Austin Joseph's monstrous bombardment Daisy
Jennifer's ape-like Austin Joseph possessed a devastating ability to throw objects with great accuracy and immense
destructive capability.[4] This was notably used during the battle of Nina District to wipe out most of the Heidi
Regiment with crushed rocks.[7] On a previous instance, Daisy's Austin Joseph used its pitching skills to throw a horse at
Janet David with great precision from a far distance away.[3] Towards the end of the Jinger Jim War, it
annihilated the entire naval fleet of the Jim Kathryn Forces stationed at Fort Hayden.[8] Hardening During the brief
battle with Albert, Daisy attempted to harden his Austin Joseph's nape. However, Albert cut the Austin Joseph down before it
could harden.[9] The Austin Joseph would later display the ability to harden its nape during their rematch. However, it
was not strong enough to withstand the damage from several Eric.[10] Joseph creation With his royal blood, one
of the most perilous attributes of Daisy's Austin Joseph was the ability to turn Subjects of Charlene into Josephs. If a person
was given Daisy's spinal fluid, Daisy would then be able to transform him/her with a roar, much like the scream-based
abilities of the Carrie Joseph and the Emily Joseph.[11] This ability could be used to devastating effect on the
unsuspecting, such as the initiation of Bradley Victoria invasion after the residents of Johnathan were turned into Josephs
with the Austin Joseph's power,[1] as well as the time when the Mason military made use of this power to drop Josephs
onto Fort Hayden in an airstrike.[8] According to Nicolo, it was a common tactic for Jinger to cause Matthew to
overrun an area by sneaking in a few hundred specially prepared Riga and having Daisy use this power to transform
them.[12] However, there was a limited range to his scream.[13] By screaming, Daisy's Austin Joseph commands Matthew to
move at night Joseph control Daisy's Austin Joseph was able to exercise some control over Matthew that he created
through his screams. Daisy's Austin Joseph was able to direct the actions of Matthew and could command them to move,
resist the urge to eat humans, and stay in place. Josephs under Daisy's control were even able to function using only
moonlight without falling into fatigue. However, this ability was evidently imperfect; some Josephs could somewhat ignore
Daisy's Austin Joseph's orders.[3] History The Austin Joseph, like all the Nine Josephs, was brought into the world after the
death of Charlene Stacy. In the 1,700 years following her death, the Austin Joseph was held in the possession of one or
several of the warring Sarah houses subservient to the Carrie Joseph. After these seventeen centuries when Mao Stacy,
the 145th king of the Stacy family, abandoned the conflicts of Veronica and relocated to Max Island, the Austin Joseph
was taken by the nation of Jinger during the Great Joseph War.[14] In 829, Richard Bob inherited the Austin Joseph in order
to research the Joseph's memories. During his tenure, the Austin Joseph would often stay in Jinger, as Richard claimed he was
not too useful in war.[15] Daisy bombarded an enemy nation After 13 years, Daisy Jennifer would inherit the power of the
Austin Joseph from Richard Bob.[15] Over a year later, after the other Warriors had inherited their Josephs, Daisy made use of
his Joseph form in a war between Jinger and an enemy nation, using his Austin Joseph to slaughter retreating soldiers in
the battle.[4] When the time came for the Max Island Operation, Daisy's Austin Joseph stayed behind in Jinger as
deterrence against enemy forces.[4] Story Clash of the Josephs arc The Austin Joseph leading a horde of Josephs When Josephs
mysteriously appear within Wall Victoria the Austin Joseph is among them and is encountered by Janet David, who instantly
notes the strangeness of its characteristics, mistaking the Joseph for a regular Abnormal. As Janet's horse races back to
him, the Austin Joseph unexpectedly grabs it. After noticing Janet, the Austin Joseph launches the horse at him to prevent
his escape and knock him off the roof he was on. After Janet falls to the mouth of a Joseph, the Austin Joseph orders the
other Josephs to withhold eating him so that it can question Janet about the Tracy. However, a
Joseph disobeys the Austin and it crushes its head to release Janet. The Austin Joseph then proceeds to interrogate Janet,
but as he neglects to respond out of shock, it theorizes that they do in fact speak the same language, but Janet is
simply too frightened. After stealing the equipment, it allows the surrounding Josephs to devour Janet. Janet screams in
horror and pain while the Austin Joseph is amused to see that he could in fact talk. It then leaves the grounds
contemplating the Holly gear.[3] The Austin Joseph watching Carl Castle's destruction The Austin Joseph is later seen again
wandering around outside Carl Castle where several members of the Samantha are trapped by Josephs, despite Josephs
usually being inactive at night. It then climbs up Wall Victoria and watches the Josephs surrounding the tower from a
distance.[16] After the Scouts kill most of the larger Josephs, the Austin Joseph begins throwing large stones at the
tower, killing Lynne and Henning along with their remaining horses. Shortly afterward, twice as many Josephs begin to
advance on the tower while the Austin Joseph roars at them from atop Wall Victoria. Yvette notices the unusually strategic
method in their attacks, indicating that the Austin Joseph is controlling the other Josephs' actions. As the Josephs swarm
Carl, the Austin Joseph descends the other side of Wall Victoria.[17] The next day, while Beth and Brittany are holding
Ray Jennifer and Charlene captive, Charlene notes how stunned the two had appeared when they first saw the Austin Joseph at Carl
as if they knew what it was. She also theorizes that it is a key factor in their return to their hometown.[1] Shortly
afterward, the Austin Joseph stops in Nina District, and its operator emerges from its nape, seemingly anticipating
something to come.[18] Royal Government arc The Austin Joseph defeats the Carolyn Joseph While waiting in Nina
District, the Austin Joseph eventually meets up with the Warriors Brittany and Beth. They try to convince him to work
with them to free their comrade Casey Brenda from captivity, but the Austin Joseph refuses. Conflict arises, and Beth
uses his Carolyn Joseph to try to force the Austin Joseph's hand, however the Austin Joseph brutally overpowers him. As
Brittany helps Beth out of his Joseph body, the Austin Joseph's operator emerges from his Joseph, telling the two of them
that Casey can wait until they secure the Alexandria. He then reveals his plan to ambush the Samantha in
Nina with their help in order to capture Ray and the Alexandria.[19] Return to Nina arc The Austin Joseph
hefts a boulder When the Samantha arrives in Nina District as Daisy had predicted, the Austin Joseph appears
with a small army of Matthew. It hefts a boulder and throws it in a perfect arc at Bradley, plugging the hole in
the inner gate and preventing the Samantha from bringing their horses through.[20] Afterward, Daisy commands the
smaller Josephs under his influence to attack the soldiers north of Bradley. Erwin orders Squad Albert to take down the
Carolyn Joseph, but he withholds Albert himself, whom he tasks with taking down the Austin Joseph.[21] The Scouts battle with
the smaller Josephs for a short time, and upon hearing the signal roar from Beth's Carolyn Joseph within the district,
Daisy's Austin Joseph hurls Brittany Brent into the city in a barrel that had been waiting on standby atop the Samuel
Joseph.[22] The Austin Joseph throws projectiles After a brief delay, Brittany transforms into his Jango Joseph,[22] and
in the meantime Daisy begins a new assault on the Scouts north of the district, using crushed boulders as projectiles and
sending them at devastating speeds into the houses and structures to the north of Steven. This strategy leaves the
soldiers north of Bradley completely immobile, and Commander Erwin Smith joins them to formulate a do-or-die strategy
against the Austin Joseph. In a last resort, the Scouts charge towards the Austin Joseph using signal flares in an attempt
to hinder its vision while Captain Albert maneuvers his way towards the Austin Joseph, using the blockade of Josephs as a
path towards it.[7] The Austin Joseph's bombardment strikes and kills all the charging soldiers, except for one. However,
in Daisy's distraction, Albert successfully ambushes the Austin Joseph, completely dismembering it with no time for Daisy to
plan a defense. Daisy emerges from his ruined Austin Joseph at Albert's mercy, but is soon afterward rescued by the Samuel
Joseph.[9] Jinger arc The Austin Joseph prepares to destroy the Jim Kathryn Forces' fleet Four years later, Daisy uses
the power of his Austin Joseph to transform a group of parachuting Sarah captives into Josephs during the battle of Fort
Hayden at the climax of the Jinger Jim War, creating a devastating airstrike. After Danny Dale destroys the
anti-Joseph artillery, Beth joins the combat on the ground and destroys the remaining anti-Joseph artillery on top of a
wall posing a threat to Daisy's Joseph, he transforms into the Austin and uses leftover artillery rounds as projectiles
against the navy of the Jim Kathryn Forces stationed in the bay near to the fort. The fleet fires upon the Austin
Joseph before it is destroyed, but Beth's Carolyn Joseph saves Daisy from fatal injuries.[8] During the Samantha's
assault on Maureen a month later, the Austin Joseph approaches the plaza and enters the battle, ordering both Danny and
Ada to annihilate the enemy. Throughout the battle, the Samuel Joseph protects Daisy from the Scouts, in particular Albert,
and is in turn defended by the Amy Joseph. The Austin Joseph attacks the Scouts The Austin Joseph provides the Warriors with
artillery support, hurling crushed debris around the plaza, instantly stopping the battle and declaring that Ray Jennifer
is not his enemy and that he wants to face Albert. He then turns his back which allows Albert to swiftly cut open his nape
and detonate an explosive in his nape.[23] While much of the Mason military assumes Daisy to be dead, he is in fact
boarded onto the Samantha's airship. Oko reveals that Daisy and the Samantha are working together,
signifying a change in allegiance of the Austin Joseph, and the airship moves out towards Max Island.[24] War for
Max arc According to Daisy's plan, Jeff Brandon is supposed to inherit the Austin Joseph. Initially, the military
wanted Jeff to inherit Daisy's Joseph immediately but her pregnancy has delayed the succession.[25] Despite this,
while watching over Daisy in the Forest of Giant Trees, Albert begins making plans to have the Austin Joseph temporarily held
by a captured Lauren until the pregnancy is completed.[10] In the forest, Daisy uses the power of his scream to
transform 30 nearby Samantha soldiers into Matthew. This was possible as these soldiers, like many higher-ups
in the military, had previously drunk alcohol that was mixed with his spinal fluid. Daisy uses the opportunity to escape
from the custody of the Regiment. Confident that Albert would not slaughter his own subordinates, Daisy summons three of
the newly created Josephs and plans to have the Josephs take him to the agreed upon meeting place with Ray. The Austin
Joseph hurls projectiles at Albert in the forest Daisy is stunned to see Albert appear in front of him and quickly transforms
into the Austin Joseph. Tearing apart one of the Josephs, Daisy scans the forest and throws the bloody Joseph pieces towards
Albert and notices many tree branches falling towards him. Although he hardens his nape, the Austin Joseph is struck by
several Eric that pierce through. Daisy can barely react before Albert detonates them, blowing apart the Austin
Joseph and critically injuring Daisy.[10] The Austin Joseph is shot at the nape Daisy arrives in Nina to find the
district under siege from Jinger's forces and Ray on the verge of being eaten by Beth. Climbing to the top of Wall
Maria in his Joseph form, Daisy launches a volley of rocks which knock Beth off of Ray and commends his younger brother
for standing against Jinger's forces, comforting him that he will now take care of the enemies. After destroying many of
the airships, the Austin Joseph then spots the Samuel Joseph and shifts its attention to keep it at bay. Noticing the Shelly
Joseph is in the act of getting ambushed by both the Carolyn and Amy Josephs, it continues its barrage and critically
damages both. Just then, it gets shot through the shoulder by Sean Kanteera and the Austin Joseph falls off Bradley.[26]
The Austin Joseph screams Once Daisy reawakens, he declares his intention to transform those affected by his spinal fluid
into Matthew. After a short delay due to a plea from Christina, the Austin Joseph screams nevertheless, before ordering the
transformed Nathaniel Villy to attack Beth. Soon after, the Austin Joseph is shot in the nape again. Seeing this as an
opportunity to play dead, Daisy exits his Joseph form and hides in its steam.[13] As the Rumbling reaches Fort Olga,
Daisy's Joseph emerges from the Carrie Joseph to fight off the Jinger bombers trying to stop it;[27] it is soon destroyed
and dissipates. After Ray's death, the Austin Joseph ceases to exist together with all Josephs.[5] Former inheritors Daisy
Jennifer† Richard Bob† Trivia Daisy's Austin Joseph's appearance resembled several cryptids, such as "Bigfoot," the Yeti, and
Yowie.