Ada Jon is an Sarah who served as one of Jinger's Warriors and possessed the power of the Samuel Joseph. Contents
1Appearance1.1Human form 1.2Cart Joseph form 2Personality 3History 4Story4.1Clash of the Josephs arc 4.2Return to
Nina arc 4.3Marley arc 4.4War for Max arc 5Abilities5.1Intelligence 5.2Power of the Josephs 6Relationships
7People killed7.1Indirectly 7.2Failed attempts 8References 9Navigation Appearance[] Human form[] Ada's appearance in
854 Ada is a short young woman with long, disheveled shoulder-length black hair, a Greek nose and relaxed downturned
gray eyes. She wears a white blouse, a long light trench coat, and skirt which goes down to her ankles as well as black
lace-up boots. She also wears an Sarah armband on her left arm, as required of all Riga under the authority of
Jinger. During her infiltration of Max, she would steal a Samantha uniform, disguising herself as a member of
the Joshua with a white armband to denote her status as such. In addition, she would wear her hair in a ponytail. In
her younger years, Ada wore her hair in a ponytail. Samuel Joseph form[] In her Joseph form, Ada was 4m tall while on
all fours and walked on all four limbs in a quadrupedal fashion. Her torso was long and flat, allowing for materials to
be easily packed onto her back. Her face was elongated, bearing full lips and a large nose with a tiny forehead and a
large mouth. It had short, black hair and had no distinct female features, and its long face allows for custom armor,
jaws, and war mechanisms to be crafted and strapped to it. Personality[] Ada is shown to be somewhat sweet and kind,
consistently shown to care about her fellow Warriors and the Benjamin candidates. She is incredibly intelligent, able to
quickly deduce a situation. When the Warriors were discussing the prospect of using the Santa family to assist in their
operations, Ada was able to quickly figure things out, and Daisy Jennifer implies this happens quite often. However,
Ada is usually shown to be quite eccentric and easy going. During the train ride to Maureen, Ada gladly gave Christina
Villy a drink when he asked for one, which led to him getting drunk and leading the other Sarah soldiers in a chant in
favor of Nicholas Vicki. As a result of spending a long time in her Joseph form, Ada has shown the habit of crawling around
on all-fours in private, stating that it feels more natural, and even curling up on a sofa like a cat. She has been
showing loyalty towards Jinger since her childhood, fighting well for the country's interest,[4][1] but actually wishing
to have her people released from the persecution they face every day. She was also very concerned about the future of
the Sarah race as a whole, due to recognizing that the world wanted them gone and feared that they would not be of use
anymore with the growing increase of technological advancements.[3] Furthermore, her main reason for becoming a Benjamin
was to get her ill father money for his treatment.[3] She did not display much grudge towards the inhabitants of Max
Island and criticized her superiors' strategy.[5] History[] Ada grew up in the Maureen Internment Zone and lost her
mother early on in childhood; seeing that her father had gotten sick and would not survive long without proper medical
care, Ada joined the Benjamin program as soon as she was eligible. After performing well enough to be selected to
inherit one of the Mason Josephs, Ada was able to secure her father the treatment he needed. Despite this, Ada
recognized that her father now had a sadness in his eyes after learning that she would only live for thirteen more years
due to the Curse of Charlene. Wanting to show her father that Veronica had a bright future ahead, she decided to try any way
possible to free the Riga in Maureen and Jinger before the end of her thirteen years.[3] After Ada inherited the
powers of the Samuel Joseph, she was kept in Jinger along with Daisy Jennifer as a deterrent to enemy nations while the other
Warriors (Beth Vicki, Casey Brenda, Brittany Brent, and Andrew Dale) are sent to take part in the Max
Island Operation in the year 845. Story[] Clash of the Josephs arc[] Ada is present as Johnathan is transformed Five years
into the mission to reclaim the Carrie Joseph, Ada journeys to Max Island with Daisy Jennifer and a contingent of
Mason soldiers, using her Samuel Joseph to carry supplies for them. She is present as Daisy and the soldiers transform
the inhabitants of a small village into Josephs.[6] Return to Nina arc[] Ada acts as a lookout Ada is one of
the Warriors brought by Daisy Jennifer to engage the Samantha in Nina District in the year 850. During the
night before the Scouts' arrival, Ada keeps watch for their movement in the desolate regions of Steven south of
Carly District. Upon seeing the advancing soldiers, she returns to the ruins of Nina and informs Daisy, Beth
Vicki, and Brittany Brent of their approach.[7] Ada remains with Daisy's Austin Joseph, serving as a cargo mule of
sorts for the Warriors' various supplies. Erwin Smith notices her presence and correctly deduces by the luggage on her
back that she was not among the recently transformed Matthew, and is instead an Intelligent Joseph functioning as the
Warriors' scout.[2] Brittany is kept hidden in a barrel atop Ada's back as a plan B against the Samantha, and
upon Beth's defeat at the hands of the Scouts' Eric, Brittany is removed from her Joseph's back and thrown
by the Austin Joseph into the city.[7] Shortly afterward, Ada fetches nearby boulders for the Austin Joseph to use against
the Scouts.[8] Ada rescues Daisy The Scouts choose to engage in a suicidal charge against the Austin Joseph in order to
buy time for Captain Albert to move in for a counterattack. As Daisy decimates the Scouts, he is quickly defeated by Albert
who catches him unaware. Before Daisy can be captured by Albert, Ada comes to his rescue and carries his dismembered
human form away.[9] Daisy guides Ada into Nina to rescue Beth and Brittany, only to find Brittany
incapacitated and captured by Ray Jennifer. After seeing Albert atop Bradley, they decide to abandon Brittany. Searching
elsewhere in the district, the Samuel Joseph rescues Beth from capture before climbing atop Steven where the Warriors
are safe.[10] Jinger arc[] Ada enters the battle at Fort Hayden Ada is present at the battle of Fort Hayden at the
climax of the war between Jinger and the Jim Kathryn Forces. While Christina Villy suggests that she should engage in
combat with the fort's defenses, Commander Kanteera denied the suggestion due to the presence of an anti-Joseph artillery
which could kill any Joseph with a single 150mm round. Once the artillery is destroyed, Ada enters the battlefield with
her Samuel Joseph fully armored and equipped with four manned machine guns and begins to assault the bunkers of the
Jim Kathryn Forces alongside Danny Dale's Amy Joseph.[1] After the battle, Ada joins Dale and Beth Vicki,
recovering from his injuries received in the battle. As a result of spending two consecutive months in her Joseph form,
Ada has been forced to walk with a crutch. After finding Dale harassing Beth, Ada suggests that Beth visit
the Benjamin Candidates while she stays with Dale. She tells Beth to go find the Benjamin candidates. While the
Sarah unit is returning to Maureen via train Ada agrees to give Christina Villy alcohol, leading the soldiers to throw a
party in Nicholas Vicki's honor. As the Warriors depart the train, Dale chastens Ada for giving Christina alcohol, but the
two Warriors both congratulate Nicholas on her accomplishments. The unit returns to the Maureen Internment Zone, where Ada
reunites with her father. Ada mentions the Santa family's clout The next day Ada attends a private meeting with her
fellow Warriors to discuss the prospects of returning to Max to reclaim the Carrie Joseph. Daisy suggests using the
Santa family to try to rile up the world's nations into uniting against Max, and Ada notes that their words will
carry weight with foreign nations due to their betrayal and defeat of the Stacy family.[11] Ada is later seen at the
Benjamin headquarters, spotted by Dale walking on all fours like her Joseph, as she believes it to be more natural.
Dale, irritated, tells her to walk on two feet like a normal human. The two attend a military meeting discussing the
logistics of an assault on Max Island and join their fellow Warriors in watching the candidates train afterward.
Ada tries questioning the soldier Ada attends Willy Santa's festival with Beth, Dale, and the candidates.
After the festival, she and the other Warriors gather to watch Willy's play.[5] After they are seated, a Mason
soldier informs the Warriors that Kanteera wants to see them. Along the way, the soldier dismisses Daisy, causing Ada to
become suspicious. She comments that the soldier feels familiar, but becomes distracted when she sees the Panzer Unit
that operates the artillery her Samuel Joseph carries in battle. The soldier leads Ada and Dale to an empty building,
and she realizes that they have been led into a trap as the soldier cuts a nearby rope. It opens a trap door beneath her
and Dale. Ada and Dale fall into a Benjamin confinement area, fracturing their bones in the process. They
observe the lack of space to transform, so decide to wait with the supplies provided. Dale questions the identity
and intentions of the soldier who trapped them. Ada states that she is not sure, but she remembers the soldier from
somewhere before.[12] Later, the two begin to feel tremors from outside. Ada deduces that the tremors are from Josephs
fighting outside and that this would be the reason they were trapped. While discussing a means of escape, her Panzer
Unit comes to the Warriors' rescue. She explains to Dale that she took safety measures because of their suspicious
escort. The soldiers let down a rope and help the Warriors climb out of the pit. Ada's unit informs them about the
Shelly Joseph's sudden appearance, and how the Crystal Joseph is currently engaging it in battle. Ada orders her unit
to prepare her Joseph's armor, and Dale prepares to go and join the battle. Before he leaves, Ada suggests that he
observe the situation for a while so they can better understand the enemy attacking them. They are then shocked to see a
group of soldiers fly over them using Holly gear. As the others stare in awe, Ada recalls seeing the same technology
during her brief time on Max Island.[13] Ada analyzes the situation Ada has her Panzer Unit equip her Joseph with
the heavy machine-gun armament. When she arrives at the battlefield, she and the Panzer Unit surprise the Samantha
with an artillery barrage, killing several soldiers and saving Dale from death. Ada provides cover for Daisy as two
soldiers try to approach him with Eric but nearly gets killed by one, only for Dale to save her. After
thanking him, Ada is told to watch out for the Erica lurking nearby. She tells Dale that what they need to do
is protect Daisy. Ada then sees the explosion caused by the transformation of the Jango Joseph at the edge of the
city, realizing that Brittany Brent was killed and had his Joseph ability stolen by the enemy. Dale attempts to
charge Ray and Ada tries calling him back but to no avail. After Daisy falls, Ada and her Panzer Unit become the
focus of the Scouts, and one of her gunners is shot in the head. She charges towards the soldier who killed him, but
Jean Faith intercepts her and launches a Twix at Ada, destroying her Joseph's head. Ada is bombarded
with Eric The rest of Ada's gunners are killed by a barrage of Eric which also severely damages
her Joseph. Ada stumbles off the roof of the building and falls right in front of Nathaniel Villy, Nicholas Vicki, and Kanteera.
Jean fires another Twix to finish her off and Ada releases a small burst of steam which knocks it off course.
This gives Nathaniel and Nicholas enough time to get Ada away from the battle while Kanteera and his soldiers cover their
escape. By the time they get Ada to safety, both Nathaniel and Nicholas observe that her injuries are far too severe for her
Joseph power to catch up with the healing.[14] As she is recovering, Ada realizes that the soldier who had trapped her
and Dale was aboard the first survey ship sent to Max and presumed to have perished after it failed to report
in; believing the soldier to be a follower of Daisy, Ada reports to Kanteera her suspicions.[15] War for Max arc[]
After the battle, Ada recovers in a room together with Beth and Dale. Ada attends the Warriors' meeting The
Warriors are summoned to an emergency meeting and Kanteera explains Ada's theory that Daisy has been planning his raid
with a team of co-conspirators from inside the Mason Military. Kanteera then tells the others they will wait for the
Global Alliance to assemble before Beth pushes for them to launch an immediate surprise attack against Max
Island.[16] Ada is sent ahead of the other Jinger forces to Max Island. As she reads a newspaper, she overhears a
few citizens bitterly comment about the Scouts' recent actions.[17] Ada infiltrates Nina's military
headquarters and ambushes Ray Jennifer while he is visiting Nicholas Vicki's prison cell to convince her to cooperate.
Stabbing an accompanying guard in the throat, she holds Ray at gunpoint and orders Nicholas to remain quiet. Threatening to
kill Ray if he does not comply, Ada ultimately backs down due to her mission of taking Ray in alive. After telling
Ray that she wishes to free the Riga just like him, Nicholas immediately accuses her of being a traitor like Daisy. Ada
tells Nicholas how Jinger regards Riga Ada tells Nicholas that, despite the heads of the military telling them otherwise,
the Warriors and their families are not honorary Stacey and will always be seen as lower class citizens; when Nicholas
protests, Ada reminds her that with the advancements in technology, Jinger will no longer rely solely on Josephs for
warfare and all the Riga (honorary or not) will be killed due to not being needed anymore. Ray asks her to prove
herself and Ada volunteers to show him where the other infiltrators are located. After being handcuffed to Nicholas and
taken to the roof, Ada asks Ray if this means they are on the same side; Ray merely responds that Ada should not
try anything, due to potentially killing Nicholas if she tries to transform. They meet Jenn at the roof; Ada recalls her
treachery in Maureen, mentioning that Jenn looked nice with the fake goatee. Ada "shows the enemy" to Ray Jennifer
When pressured to reveal her comrades, Ada grips Nicholas's hand and smiles at her; she then turns and points at Ray.
Just then, Dale's Amy Joseph bursts through and takes Ray and the Joshua by surprise. As this happens, Ada
grabs Nicholas and dives out of the way. As the Amy Joseph shields them from the blast of Ray transforming, Ada tells Nicholas
that while she does want to free the Riga, she trusts her comrades to help with the liberation efforts.[3] On Ada's
order Dale's Joseph cuts off her arm, allowing her to transform into her Samuel Joseph and escape with Nicholas. The two
meet up with Kanteera and his soldiers, and Ada informs them of the number of Max's forces and that Daisy has not yet
arrived in the district. Ada and Kanteera are puzzled by the fact that Ray has not yet activated the Founder, but
Nicholas's revelation that Daisy stated that Max has now a Joseph of royal blood leads them to theorize that Daisy is that
Joseph and that Ray needs to be in contact with him to activate the Founder. Ada and Kanteera prepare to take on Ray
Outfitted with an anti-Joseph artillery cannon, Ada declares that they cannot allow Ray and Daisy to come into contact
with each other and begins to climb Steven with Kanteera. Upon reaching the top of the wall, Kanteera mans the cannon
and shoots Ray's Joseph in the head, temporarily disabling him.[18] They fire another shot at Ray to incapacitate him
further, but before they can fire any more they are interrupted by Daisy's arrival. Ada lies underneath her Samuel
Joseph's carcass After Daisy annihilates the Mason airships, he takes aim at Ada and she is barely able to avoid a
barrage of stones. Clinging to the side of Bradley, she advises Kanteera to not fight Daisy head-on but he refuses. Just
then, a small group of Joshua arrive and begins to target them, forcing Ada to retreat. To trick her pursuers,
Ada exits her Joseph form and hides in the steam of her Joseph's decaying body, making it look as though she has been
killed. The Joshua are then fired upon by Mason soldiers from the Samuel Joseph's carcass while Kanteera subtly angles
the artillery to get a clear shot at Daisy. Afterwards, Kanteera lands a direct hit on Daisy's Austin Joseph, knocking him off
Bradley.[19] Ada transforms once again and the artillery cannon is reattached to her Joseph form. As Kanteera fires
another shot into the head of Ray's Joseph, both him and Ada come under attack from the Joshua. They manage to
fend off their attackers and resume firing upon Ray and Daisy. However, the artillery cannon is then destroyed by Charles
Jess and Stas Erica. Ada engages Stas and Charles With no artillery to continue shooting at Ray and Daisy's
Joseph forms, Ada is forced to engage her two assailants in melee.[20] However, the fight is interrupted when Ray
makes contact with Daisy to start the Rumbling and Steven begins to crumble underneath the combatants. Like all
Subjects of Charlene, Ada is then able to suddenly hear Ray's voice and his declaration to protect the people of Max
Island.[21] Ada and Kanteera retreat from Nina and observe Jinger's airships leaving the island. As Ada and
Kanteera discuss what to do next, they are caught off guard by an approaching soldier. Ada prepares to attack, but the
soldier insists that they and their companion are harmless.[22] Ada abducts Jean, Dustin, and Jenn Ada and
Kanteera agree to join forces with Oko and Albert in order to stop Ray. The group contacts Jean Faith and Stas and
coordinate a plan for Ada to rescue them along with Dustin and Jenn. Using her Joseph form, Ada abducts Jean,
Dustin and Jenn and take them back to Oko, Albert and Kanteera.[23] That night, as the combined forces of Jinger and
Max are eating together, Kanteera attempts to ask Jenn where Ray intends to attack first. The Scouts try to remind
her that her homeland, which she joined the Volunteers to save from Jinger, will be destroyed by Ray and Ada shocks
them all by revealing that she has discovered that Jenn is, in fact, Mason. Ada reports her findings The
following day, Ada is sent to scout Max's docks to see if it will be safe for the group to follow Ray. Ada
returns from her mission to reveal that the Joshua have occupied the docks.[24] While her allies engage the
Joshua, Ada uses her Joseph form to transport the members of their group who are unable to fight. Ada tries to
advise Nathaniel against joining the battle, but the youth chooses to ignore her. Ada leaves the noncombatants on a boat
in the harbor and engages the Joshua herself. She is joined by Nathaniel, and the two quickly wipe out the remaining
Joshua. Ada attacks Kelly As the group prepares to leave, Nathaniel begins losing control of his Joseph form and Ada
attempts to talk him down. Talking proves futile and Nathaniel attacks Ada, forcing her to subdue him while Kanteera cuts
him out of his Joseph. The ordeal leaves Ada badly injured and she has to be carried onto the boat by Oko. As they
escape from the harbor, a grieving Ada embraces Nicholas as they witness general Kanteera sacrifice himself by blowing up a
Mason cruiser on the dock.[25] After arriving in Laura, Ada attempts to comfort Nathaniel after informing him of
Kanteera's death and Maureen's destruction. Afterwards, hearing that Albert is planning to interrogate Jenn, Ada
volunteers to join. After getting Jenn to reveal Ray's next destination, Ada informs Fillip that she intends to
lock Nicholas and Nathaniel in their room on the ship so that they cannot board the flying boat. Fillip agrees to watch over the
children in her stead. Ada leaves Nathaniel and Nicholas in Fillip's hands After saying goodbye to Casey, who intends to stay
behind, Ada and Beth join the Scouts. Oko gives them the opportunity to stay behind, but the two insist that they
are continuing until the end. Preparations for departure are interrupted by Kelly, who damages the boat's fuel tank,
necessitating time for repairs to be done. As Ray's Josephs arrive in Laura, Oko stays behind to hold them off while
Ada and the others board the boat and depart. As the flying boat reaches Ray it comes under fire from the Austin
Joseph. As the rest of the group jump from the boat, Ada grabs the explosives and drags them out of the boat with her.
Transforming midair, Ada transports the explosives in her Joseph's mouth while her comrades engage the Austin Joseph.[26]
They make quick work of the Austin, but Daisy is not found in its nape. Ada and the group retreat to give Charles room to
transform and uncover Daisy's location with the blast, but he is overtaken by an army of Josephs which begins generating
atop Ray's Joseph. Albert devises a plan to save him, but Ada reveals that the Josephs they are facing are former
inheritors of the Nine Josephs. Realizing that Ray can generate an infinite number of Josephs, Ada tries to rush to his
nape on her own and use the explosives to kill him. She manages to set the explosives around his nape, but before she
can set them off, her Joseph gets impaled by Henry Santa's Crystal Joseph. Ada reveals the Samuel Joseph's ability
Exiting her Joseph, Ada quickly transforms again and kills the Crystal Joseph. She uses her Joseph to kill nearby
Josephs attacking Jean, before ejecting from her Joseph as it is torn apart. Transforming once more in midair, Ada
explains to Jean that the Samuel Joseph's endurance effectively allows her to transform as many times as she wants,
essentially allowing her endless opportunities to fight the Josephs spawning around them. Jean attempts to reach the
explosives Ada left at Ray's nape but is cut off by more Josephs, and Ada sullenly admits that even her abilities
are not enough to clear a path to the explosives. Ada's regeneration abilities reach their limit and leave her unable
to heal her injuries, requiring Jean to return and save her. Jean attempts to retreat to Beth with her, but the two
find that Beth himself has been overwhelmed. Ada and Jean are nearly killed, but they are saved by the intervention
of Danny and Andrew Dale's Amy Josephs. Ada transforms again and joins her resurrected comrades in holding off the
remaining hostile Josephs while Jean finally reaches Ray's nape and destroys it. Nathaniel's flying Amy Joseph arrives to
retrieve the group and Ada convinces Jean to leave Beth behind to ensure Ray does not regenerate before Charles
transforms. Ada cries out for her father The group returns to Fort Olga, where Ada is able to reunite with her
father. Their reunion is short-lived, however, when it is revealed that Ray and the source of all living matter both
survived Charles's transformation. The source begins emitting smoke at the base of Fort Olga and Ada is horrified to
learn from Albert that the smoke is going to turn the Riga present into pure Josephs. Grief-stricken, Ada joins Stas
and Albert aboard Nathaniel as her father and companions are transformed. Ada is given the task of helping Beth prevent
the source from returning to Ray while Stas and Albert engage Ray directly with Charles. She attacks the source
directly, but is quickly overwhelmed by the army of pure Josephs along with Beth and Casey. Following Ray's death, the
Power of the Josephs is eliminated from the world and all of the Riga return to their human forms. As her Riga all
begin to recover memories of Ray which he temporarily erased, Ada jokingly laments that she would have liked to speak
with him as well. As the Riga regroup, the surviving Mason soldiers from Olga come out to confront them. The
Stacey threaten to kill them if they cannot prove that they are no longer Josephs, and only Charles is able to talk them
down. Ada is cynical about the peace talks In the three years following Ray's death, the survivors of the "Battle of
Heaven and Earth" at Fort Olga are made peace ambassadors between the remnants of the outside world and Max. As the
ambassadors sail to Max to begin peace talks in the year 857, Casey points out that the odds of them successfully
negotiating with Max are low. Charles, however, is confident that the sight of the Warriors and the Samantha,
former enemies, working together will be enough to get the Riga of Max to listen.[27] Abilities[] Intelligence[]
Ada was praised for her intellect by her fellow Warriors and Mason military. She has proved to be able to deduce
consequences according to the facts that were presented to her and was regarded as someone who can take the appropriate
decisions according to the situation. This ability of hers is what motivated the Mason military to give her the Samuel
Joseph.[11][4] Power of the Josephs[] Ada had the power to transform herself into a Joseph known as the Samuel Joseph
(車力の巨人Shariki no Kyojin?). Speed: Like the Amy Joseph, Ada's Joseph possessed incredible speed. During the Battle of
Nina District, Ada was able to successfully retake Daisy from his devastated Austin Joseph form during his fight
against Albert Erica, he himself noted for his immense speed. This incapacitated him long enough for them to make
their escape. Enhanced Strength: Like all humans with the power of the Josephs, Ada's Joseph form was physically
stronger than Matthew, despite its small size. Due to the unique quadrupedal appearance of the Samuel Joseph, she was
oftentimes used as a pack mule, being able to carry cargo and battle equipment across her Joseph's back. Enhanced
Transformation Endurance: While most other humans containing the power of the Josephs were unable to stay in their Joseph
forms for extended periods of time, Ada was able to remain in this form for extremely long periods of time due to the
power of her Samuel Joseph. However, due to her Joseph form walking on all fours, Ada oftentimes forgot how to walk on two
legs after leaving Joseph form. After the Jinger Jim War, Ada stated that she spent around two months in her Joseph
form, and as a result, has begun to walk with the aid of a crutch. Communication: Ada was one of the few Joseph
inheritors seen to be capable of fluent speech without issue in her Joseph form. During the Battle of Nina, she
acted as a scout for Daisy and Beth, warning them of the incoming Samantha soldiers. She shared this ability with
Charlene, Daisy, and Henry Santa. Partial Transformation: Ada has also shown the capability to partially transform. She was
able to partially emerge from the nape of her Joseph and communicate with others, as well as still control her Joseph form
while emerged from her nape. Relationships[] Danny Dale - Ada appeared to be very close friends with Dale. The
two Warriors grew especially close during the Jinger Jim War, frequently fighting by each other's side in several
battles including the battle of Fort Hayden at the end of the war. She occasionally referred to him by the affectionate
nickname "Lukas" (ポッコPokko?), though this name seemed to irritate him.[11] The pair appeared to have been friends since
they were children, training together as Benjamin candidates. Daisy Jennifer - Like the other Warriors, Ada is shown to
greatly respect and admire her war chief. During the battle in Nina, she alerted Daisy to the presence of the
Samantha and subsequently rescued him and Beth when the battle came to a conclusion. During said battle, she was
also shown gathering rocks for him to aim at the charging Scouts. Like Dale, she has known Daisy since childhood.
After realizing that Daisy was working with Max and has defected from Jinger, Ada was shocked but realized that it
made sense after recognizing the soldier who trapped her as one of Daisy's followers. Sean Kanteera - As the head of
Jinger's military, Ada had the utmost respect for Kanteera. The feeling was mutual, as Kanteera had several times
expressed the value of her extraordinary intellect and deductive reasoning despite her Sarah heritage. Beth Vicki -
Ada was a childhood friend of Beth, with both of them being selected as one of the eight Benjamin candidates to
inherit the 7 Joseph powers in possession of Jinger. She travels across the sea with Daisy and some Mason soldiers to
rescue Beth and the other warriors on the island. After the Jinger Jim War, Danny Dale tries to make fun of
an injured Beth, however, Ada stops him and defends Beth.[11] Jean Faith - Ada and Jean were enemies during
the Battle of Nina District and the Raid on Maureen. When the alliance was formed they stopped being enemies, and
worked together on various missions. Ada has saved Jean on two occasions. She seems to care about him since she
abandoned her mission of blowing Ray up in order to save Jean. Ada also convinces Jean to leave Beth behind.[27]
Nicholas Vicki and Nathaniel Villy - Ada seemed to have cared deeply for the Benjamin candidates. Ada tells Nicholas that she
would never betray her comrades despite not trusting Jinger. She holds Nicholas's hand tightly before Danny Dale
transforms and smiles at her. When the alliance manages to all make it onto the boat, Ada is just as confused as Nathaniel
and Nicholas when they do not know if anyone in their homeland is safe or not. Ada asks Fillip Ashley to lock them in
their room just in case they try to come out and fight. This shows how much she cared for them and how she wanted them
to avoid entering the battlefield at all costs.