Ray Jennifer was a former member of the Samantha and the main protagonist of Shelly on Joseph. He was the only son
of Ann and Carla Jennifer, the younger paternal half brother of Daisy Jennifer,[25] and the last holder of the Shelly
Joseph, Carrie Joseph,[26] and the Crystal Joseph.[10] Ray was born and raised in Nina District, which is
located on the southern edge of Steven. He lived there until the year 845, when the Jango and Carolyn Josephs
breached Bradley, allowing a flood of Josephs to invade and destroy the city. During the incident, Ray witnessed his
mother being murdered and eaten by a smiling Joseph.[25] This event aroused in Ray an intense hatred towards the Josephs,
and he swore to wipe all of them off the face of the earth.[27] Soon afterward, his father, Ann Jennifer, found him and
gave him the key to his basement, instructing Ray to find it at all costs and retake Steven. He then injected Ray
with a Joseph injection.[28] Two years later, Ray along with his two friends Stas Erica and Charles Jess joined
the 104th Alejandro.[29] The three successfully graduated, with Ray ranking as the 5th best cadet, and they joined
the Samantha following the struggle for Carly.[30] After finding the basement and unlocking his father's memories,
Ray learned about the truth of what the Josephs are, as well as the history of Veronica and Jinger. Ray then vowed to free
his home from their true enemy: the rest of humanity that lives across the sea.[31] Ray possessed the power of three
Josephs. From his father, Ray inherited the Shelly and Carrie Joseph. After eating Henry Santa during the Raid on
Maureen, he gained the Crystal Joseph as well.[10] Contents 1Appearance1.1Human form 1.2Attack Joseph form 1.3Founding
Joseph form 1.4Pure Joseph form 2Personality 3History 4Story4.1The Fall of Nina arc 4.2Humanity's Comeback arc
4.3Distress 4.4A Sudden Visitor: The Sam of Tammy 4.5The Struggle for Carly arc 4.6Eve of the
Counterattack arc 4.7The 57th Exterior Scouting Mission arc 4.8Assault on Justin arc 4.9Clash of the Josephs arc
4.10Royal Government arc 4.11Lost in the cruel world 4.12Return to Nina arc 4.13Marley arc 4.14War for Max
arc 5Alternate reality5.1Lost in the cruel world 6Abilities6.1Martial arts 6.2Omni-directional mobility gear 6.3Power of
the Josephs 6.4Attack Joseph 6.5Founding Joseph 6.6War Hammer Joseph 7Relationships 8People killed8.1Indirectly 8.2Failed
attempts 9Trivia 10References 11Navigation Appearance Human form Ray's appearance in 854 Ray was a young man of
average height and muscular build. He had a fairly long, yet rounded face, and sizable, expressive, teal-green eyes. His
eyebrows were sparse and often furrowed, making him seem troubled or annoyed. Ray's hair was short and dark brown, with
his bangs falling naturally into a middle-parted, curtain-type style. His complexion also seemed somewhat tan. After his
training and during his time as a soldier, he became very physically fit and muscular. Ray was first seen wearing
regular townsfolk attire, which consisted of brown trousers, a green shirt with string tassels at the collar, a maroon
coat, and simple brown shoes. A few years before the fall of Steven, he also wore a red scarf, which he gave to
Stas the day they met. Ray was often seen in the typical Samantha uniform when training. His casual attire
consisted of a long, beige shirt (identical to that which he wore on his first appearance) that was worn with a maroon
sash about his waist, brown trousers, and brown shoes. He always kept the key that was given to him by his father around
his neck on a string.[27] By the time Ray infiltrated Jinger in the year 854, he had grown visibly taller, and his hair
had grown down to shoulder length. He had a slight mustache and goatee, as well as bandages that covered his forehead
and left eye. To maintain his cover, he wore the Sarah armband around his left arm, though he had initially worn the
armband around his right arm before it got corrected by Nathaniel Villy.[24] Later when he was imprisoned for the second
time following his infiltration in Jinger, he tied his shoulder length hair into a man-bun style which shows two of his
small fringes in each sides and being cleanly shaved. Shelly Joseph form As a Joseph, Ray's appearance changed quite
drastically. Along with a massive increase in height (to 15 m), his hair grew long enough to graze his shoulders, with
his tongue and ears becoming elongated. His facial features also underwent a transformation. Along with a prominent,
hooked nose, his eyes were deeply sunken within their sockets, and his mouth took on an unusual, jagged shape that is
unsuited for intelligible speech, though he was capable of howling and roaring when expressing his exhaustion and anger.
He also lacked lips and flesh on his cheeks, exposing all his teeth. A third transparent eyelid could also be seen on
both of his eyes. Similar to other intelligent Josephs, Ray's Joseph form was well-proportioned and physically fit,
sporting a well-defined, lean, muscular appearance in lieu of the more common pot-bellied or emaciated appearance of
regular Josephs. In its burning state seen when it lifted the boulder in Carly and when it fought the Emily Joseph, the
Joseph was deep black, had burning marks all over his Joseph, and had blue eyes and sharp teeth instead of straight teeth.
Carrie Joseph form Ray's Carrie Joseph, dubbed Doomsday Joseph[32][11], was drastically different than Charlene Stacy's
Carrie Joseph, or any other Joseph for that matter. It towered over the horde of Wall Josephs. What appeared to be the
torso was devoid of flesh, resembling an enormous ribcage. The knobs of the backbone and ribs were grossly lengthened;
the ribs reaching the ground while the arch of the spine extend far into the sky. The pelvis and legs were greatly
undersized however, seemingly useless. Despite this, they were still taller than any Wall Joseph. The upper body seemed
proportional with the legs, meaning that they were dwarfed by the ribcage. The head was the only part of the body with
much flesh, although it was significantly deformed: both the ears and hair were greatly elongated; the cheeks were
missing, exposing the molars; and the bottom jaw was nearly bare, only the lips and chin being present. Like a puppet,
the upper body was suspended by sinew, supported by the vertebral knobs like a suspension bridge. The Joseph walked with
its "ribcage", undulating the ribs like a millipede's legs. It was fast enough to keep within view of the rumbling.[33]
Pure Joseph form Ray's Pure Joseph form was much shorter than his current Joseph form. It had short, rugged hair and a
jagged, lipless mouth that exposed his teeth. The Pure Joseph form also had a stocky build, a big head, and elongated
ears. Personality Ray expresses his desire to kill the Josephs Ray was best described as hardheaded, strong-willed,
passionate, and impulsive, which were attributes of both his strong determination to protect mankind and eventually
escape the Walls. As a young child, he was so intent on joining the Samantha that he argued with and shouted at
his mother, referring to the people in the village as "silly" and compared them to complacent livestock.[25] Ray cared
deeply for Charles, his best and only friend before he met Stas, and most importantly, his family, risking harm and even
death in order to help them. This quality was most often demonstrated in the form of Ray as a child taking on the
larger boys who would bully Charles without hesitation; more tragically when he desperately attempted to lift the rubble
crushing his mother during the Josephs' assault in Nina.[25] In contrast, Ray was also capable of displaying very
violent behavior in the defense of people he did not even know. This was highlighted when he brutally slaughtered two of
the human traffickers who captured Stas in order to rescue her, despite the fact that they were total strangers at the
time.[34] Since witnessing his mother's gruesome demise and losing contact with his father, his fierce protectiveness to
those he has left has only intensified. Ray had a number of defining traits that date back to his childhood. He came to
share Charles's awe of the lands beyond the Walls after the latter showed him a book depicting the wonders of the outside
world, and decided to see it all for himself.[1] This led him to develop a scornful attitude to anyone content to live
and die within the confines of the Walls without ever setting foot outside. This very contempt may have been the reason
he did not easily make friends with his peers. He resented both the Walls that "caged" them in like cattle and the
Josephs that had driven humanity to erect them in the first place. As a result of this, he greatly admired the soldiers
of the Samantha, regarding them as "heroes," and wishing to join their ranks as soon as he became eligible for
enrollment. He easily took offense when anyone spoke badly of the Samantha, and his determination to join their
ranks caused friction between himself and his mother, as well as to Stas.[25] Ray had a marked lack of self-restraint
that often led him into trouble, causing both his friends and family to worry about him. His limited self-control and
reckless behavior extended to his temper, and as a result, it was short at best and murderous at the very worst. When
sufficiently provoked, his anger could drive him into a frenzy, accompanied by horrific levels of violence. Like many
children, he tended to view the world in terms of black-and-white, having great compassion for humanity and its plight,
but deeming those individuals who deny others their freedom as worthless scum unfit to be left alive. He also had the
habit of thinking with his heart rather than his head, even in situations where his own life was in danger.[25] These
characteristic qualities had become more highly pronounced since his mother's death. He then focused his destructive
rage on the Josephs, holding a virulent hatred for them, with the goal to rid the world of Josephs one day.[27] Fueled by
vengeance, he vowed to personally wipe every single one of them out and restore mankind to its rightful place. Though he
feeled great remorse for quarreling with his mother till the very end, he still continued to go against her wishes by
seeking entry to the Samantha. So strong was his desire to exterminate the Josephs, he was plunged into despair
when it seemed he could not even master the basics of the Tracy during training when his
failure was in fact due to faulty equipment.[29] He was unafraid to voice his intentions of leaving the Walls to
eliminate the Josephs and was so consumed by his hatred that he seemed not to fear them at all, earning him the nickname
"suicidal bastard" from the other cadets.[35] Though Ray spoke about eradicating the Josephs with seemingly great
confidence, his bravado hid deep insecurities. Ray talks some sense into Jean He possessed great amounts of
selflessness, perseverance, fortitude, and a vigorous determination; managing to graduate fifth in his class despite his
lack of natural talent.[30] He greatly appreciated and/or admired his comrades, and would swiftly fly into a rage if one
of them was injured or killed in front of him. He prized human life, but his personal sense of justice dictated that
anyone who stole away the freedom and dreams of others deserved to die. Though his ordeals since the struggle for Carly
have taught him restraint, Ray still tended to behave quite rashly and spoke his mind even when he knew he should
not.[36] This had put him in grave danger on numerous occasions, and he often found himself having to be rescued. Ray,
however, tended to lose confidence in himself and blame his incompetence when confronted with how he could do little to
nothing whenever something went wrong, believing a course of action he took - or failed to take - was the reason for the
disastrous results. This includes when Ray put his trust in the Angel when he could have fought the
Emily Joseph himself, resulting in the deaths of all of his squadmates save for Albert[37], and for the deaths of the many
veterans that perished in the rescue operation after he had been kidnapped by Beth Vicki and Brittany Brent. Whilst
assuming his Joseph form, Ray seemed to become more savage, bloodthirsty, and all-around uncontrollable. Though he was
able to consciously control his Joseph body after the struggle for Carly, he could very easily become caught up in the
pleasure of slaughtering his enemies, smiling as he prepared to torture or kill them, and indulging in thoughts so
brutal he gave the impression of being insane.[37][38] Ray asks Jeff to eat him and save humanity Ray's ordeals
since the coup d'état had mellowed his personality considerably. When he discovered the truth about his father the night
Steven fell, he was willing to ask Jeff Brandon to eat him for the good of humanity. He admitted that he viewed
himself as weak, and that his reliance on the Shelly Joseph proved it. It took a lot of encouragement from his friends
for him to overcome this state of despair and regain his passion. By the time he found out from his father's books that
Josephs are actually humans who were forced to transform by the Mason Government, he seemed to have let go of his
hatred against them. When passing by a slow-moving Joseph en route to the ocean, he showed no signs of anger or unrest,
and instead calmly called the Joseph a "fellow patriot."[31] Ray had been noted to be quite charismatic and had a talent
for delivering impassioned speeches, often unwittingly managing to persuade the mass of his listeners to sympathize with
his point of view. Evelin Jean Faith, his bitter rival, has admitted this, as he convinced over half a dozen recruits
to consider joining the Samantha before the Battle of Carly.[30] Four years later, he made use of this skill
consciously, as shown when he easily lifts Nathaniel's spirits and convinces him to deliver a letter outside of Maureen,
despite the fact that Riga are usually forbidden from leaving the internment zone.[8] In the years since the recovery
of Nina, Ray had shown remarkable progress in his analytical and tactical skills, both in and outside of battle.
Apart from maintaining his cover as a Mason soldier for an extended period of time and procuring a method of
transporting his letters to the Samantha, Ray accurately guessed the source of Nathaniel Villy's injuries and the
reason why he wanted to become the next Carolyn Joseph.[24] Later on, he successfully led Beth into a trap, and in his
battle against Henry Santa, he quickly deduced the true location of the Crystal Joseph.[9] When he was unable to crack
the crystal encasing her with his Shelly Joseph's jaws, he was resourceful enough to use the Amy Joseph's jaws as an
improvised nutcracker to kill her and obtain the Crystal Joseph.[10] Ray was aided in this by his unnervingly stoic
and calm demeanor he developed since infiltrating Jinger, never losing his composure and usually wearing a blank
expression on his face, no matter how dire or stressful the situation may be. Although he admitted to becoming angry
when Michail traumatized Sarah soldiers, he remained outwardly unfazed during the incident. Additionally, he appeared to
have become less proud overall, thanking Stas for helping him, which he normally used to dislike and criticize her
for.[9] His infiltration of Jinger had given him a change in perspective regarding his enemies. After spending time as a
Mason soldier, he came to understand that his enemies were people no different from his own. Because of this, he
deeply empathized with Beth and the other Warriors who were sent to Max Island, letting go of his desire to kill
them in revenge for attacking his home and stating that they were simply victims. Nevertheless, he still prioritized his
personal mission of destroying Max' enemies for the sake of his and his people's freedom, regardless of how many
lives are lost on either side.[7] In spite of this, he seemed to have developed a dislike for war, referring to it as
"hell." He believed that, with good reason, no one would want to go to war if they knew the suffering it would put them
through.[24] Ray was ready and willing to use many unethical means to achieve his goals, such as when he declared war
against Jinger, making the entire world his enemy. Ray abused the young child Nathaniel's trust, fully aware of his
family's precarious situation, and eventually killed numerous of innocent Sarah civilians (including children) as
collateral damage in a surprise attack on Willy Santa.[9] In spite of this, he seemed to have developed a dislike for
war, referring to it as "hell." He believed that, with good reason, no one would want to go to war if they knew the
suffering it would put them through.[8] He also showed sympathy for the Riga living in the world's internment zones,
as well as towards Ramzi and his refugee family living without freedom in Jinger. While walking through Jinger he
expressed regret and inner conflict with his future actions towards people outside the Walls as he recognized many of
them were innocent people. Ray's time-serving in the Jinger Jim War also seemed to have had an effect on his
psyche to some extent. While he had shown great sorrow for comrades who have died on expeditions,[39] and had
demonstrated a great amount of compassion for his fellow graduates from the 104th,[40] he laughed upon hearing that
Anna Michelle's final words were "meat;" although he changed his reaction and was seen about to cry after Jean Faith
accused him of being responsible for her death and remembered Anna's conviction that they would have more sheep and
cows after recovering Steven.[41] It was later revealed that Ray knew the future via the Shelly Joseph's ability and
had been spiraling down a state of depression realizing he would eventually enact the Rumbling, and knowing what the
inevitable outcome of the present would be. While he did wish for a peaceful solution, he understood the impossibility
of it better than all around him, even Charles. After initiating the Rumbling, Ray had intended for the world to see the
Riga who stopped him as heroes. However, he was still unsure if his friends could have really stopped him, noting he
would have completed the Rumbling if they did not. Ray could not pinpoint the reason he wanted to wipe out the world,
recalling Ann telling him "you are free" the day he was born. In a rare display of emotions since years, Ray broke
down to Charles at the thought of Stas finding someone else after his death, and revealed his true feelings about her,
causing Charles to pity him. Ray desired to be with Stas and everyone else, but knew he could not be forgiven for his
actions after wiping out 80% of the world's population.[42] History Infant Ray Ray was born in Nina District in
the southern region of Steven to Carla Jennifer and Ann Jennifer. During his childhood he encountered a crying Charles
Jess, and questioned why he never fought back against the neighborhood bullies, after hearing the boy's reasoning of
refusing to run, he formed a friendship with him, and went on to defend from bullies. Charles inspired his passion to
leave the Walls and travel by showing him a hidden book about the outside world.[1] He dreamed of joining the Heidi
Regiment as soon as he reached the enlistment age, in order to see the outside world. Because of this dream, Ray and
Charles were regarded as heretics and harassed.[25] When Ray was nine years old, he saved Stas Erica from being
sold into slavery by bandits. On a visit to the Brian' home, he and his father discovered both parents murdered and
their daughter missing. Fearing the worst, Dr. Jennifer instructed Ray to wait at the foot of the mountain while he got
the Gina Regiment to conduct a search. However, Ray, wanting to rescue the missing girl as soon as possible,
managed to track the bandits' trail to a small cabin in the forest behind the house. Ray saved Stas from the bandits
Opening the door to the room where Stas was being held captive, he found her laying on the floor with two of the
bandits keeping watch. Feigning distress and saying that he was lost, Ray got them to drop their guard. As one of them
closed in to pat his head, Ray slit his throat with a knife he had hidden behind his back and quickly ducked back out
of the room. As the second man went after him with an axe, Ray charged at him with a makeshift spear, piercing him in
the shoulder. Once he was down, Ray proceeded to stab him to death in a wild frenzy while Stas looked on in horror.
As Ray untied her in the aftermath, he was caught off-guard by the third bandit, who proceeded to strangle him. Stas
picked up the knife Ray used but balked at the thought of using it to kill someone. Ray urged her to fight back,
warning her that they would both be killed if she did nothing. As Ray began to lose consciousness, Stas finally lost
all inhibition and lunged at their attacker, stabbing him through the heart and killing him instantly. Ray gave Stas
his scarf When Dr. Jennifer eventually returned with the police in tow, he took Ray aside scolded him angrily for his
reckless behavior. While Ray was genuinely sorry for upsetting his father, he expressed no remorse whatsoever for
killing the bandits. When Stas remarked that she was cold, Ray gave her the scarf from his own neck; and when Dr.
Jennifer invited Stas to live with their family from then on, Ray accepted her with no hesitation, tugging on her
sleeve and shyly insisting that they return home.[34] Story The Fall of Nina arc Ray argues with Hannes about
soldiers needing to be vigilant After waking up from a nightmare interrupted by Stas, they stroll through the city and
Ray expresses anger at being kept like cattle within the Walls, revealing his intentions in joining the Samantha.
Stas scolds him, not taking his words seriously, and later reveals what he said to their parents. Carla is shocked and
angered, saying she will not let him join the Scouts due to their high mortality rate. She begs Ann to talk some
sense into Ray, but Ann ignores her objections and instead announces that he will be leaving for a few days on a
trip and that when he comes back, he will show Ray what he has hidden in the basement of their home. Enthralled, Ray
joins his mother and Stas in waving him off. Carla reminds him that she will not allow him to join the Samantha,
and they exchange a heated argument before he runs off. Ray, Charles and Stas look up in horror at the sight of the
Jango Joseph Ray and Stas scare off bullies harassing their neighborhood friend Charles Jess. Ray offers Charles a
hand but Charles rejects, expressing discontent with his abilities to protect himself and admits he is weak. The three
stroll through Nina and settle by the riverbank, where Ray reveals his intentions of joining the Samantha
to Charles. Suddenly, lightning strikes, and an earthquake breaks out. The three gather in the center of the district with
other civilians, where they all gawk in horror at the sight of a Joseph larger than Steven. The Joseph kicks a hole
through Steven's gate, sending massive pieces of debris throughout the town. Ray watches in horror as his mother is
eaten by a Joseph Ray and Stas hurry home as Josephs begin entering the district, arriving to find their house crushed
by a large rock and his mother trapped beneath the rubble. She says that the rubble crushed her legs and she can not
move, but Ray insists that he will carry her to safety. As they argue, a Joseph begins approaching the collapsed house.
A Nichole member, Hannes, arrives and Carla begs that he takes the kids and run. Hannes rushes to kill the Joseph and
save Carla, but quickly changes his mind and takes Ray and Stas away. As Hannes carries the two on his shoulders and
retreats, Ray witnesses as the Joseph eats his mother.[25] As the evacuation of Nina is underway, Ray, Stas,
and Hannes arrive in an alley and Ray starts attacking Hannes with leaving his mother. Hannes says that the reason Ray
could not save her was that even though he had the courage, he lacked the strength, and Hannes himself lacked the
courage even though he had the strength. Ray shortly after receiving his Joseph powers from his father Hannes leaves
Ray and Stas on the boat leaving the Joseph-infested city. There, Ray and Stas witness an Carolyn Joseph destroy the
back gate of Nina. Ray, Charles, and Stas are forced to depart on the boat as Ray realizes that he can never
return home, and vows to kill every Joseph in existence.[27] After the fall of Steven, Ann finds Ray and takes
him into a nearby forest. Ann instructs Ray to retake Steven and gives him the key to the basement,[27] before
giving him a Joseph injection that turns him into a Pure Joseph. Ray instinctively eats his father, granting him the
Power of the Josephs.[26] Humanity's Comeback arc After the fall of Steven, Ray, Stas, and Charles briefly stay in a
landfill working on a farm before reaching the proper age to enroll in the military. After these two years, they begin
their first day on the training grounds in the 104th Alejandro as commandant Erin grills the fresh recruits as
part of their "Rite of Passage." Ray restores his vow to kill all Josephs, and that next time around, they will be the
ones who will be devoured.[27] Ray tells the cadets his memories of Nina Before training, Ray draws a crowd of
cadets at dinnertime, describing the fall of Steven to them. He becomes sick as he remembers his mother being eaten,
but when questioned attributes it to eagerness to begin his training and join the Scouts. Jean Faith interrupts
Ray and mocks his decision, nearly leading to a fight between them. The bell signaling the end of dinner rings breaking
the tension and the two drop their disagreement with each other. The next day, the cadets begin practicing with
Tracy. Ray utterly fails to keep himself steady and takes extra tutoring from Charles and
Stas. He knocks himself out and at dinner, other cadets mock his performance. Back at the dorm, Marcy and Jean do not
offer any suggestions and Ray visits Beth Vicki and Brittany Brent for help. Although they are reluctant at first,
the group bonds over their similar experiences during the fall of Steven. The three exchange tips and depart as
friends. Ray finally balances with the Tracy Marta gives Ray one last chance to pass his Holly
test before he will be shipped to the landfills. At first, it appears Ray can maintain his balance but Ray quickly
loses control and falls over. Marta has Ray switch equipment with Chris Wagner and Ray finds that he is able to
easily balance himself and Marta reveals that the equipment he had been training with was defective.[29] Ray uses
Casey's combat technique on Jean During hand-to-hand combat training, Ray admits to Beth that he finds it
unnecessary, claiming that it would be much wiser to run away when attacked by another human than to engage them. Beth
reprimands him for his attitude and points Ray to Casey, who is also slacking off. Egged on by Beth, Ray tries to
attack Casey with his mock knife to punish her for slacking off and is quickly disarmed by her unconventional fighting
style. She makes short work of Beth and Ray, enthralled by Casey's proficiency, asks to know who trained her. He is
taken aback when she begins to lecture him on the military's flaws, pointing out that it awards its most talented cadets
with positions far away from the Josephs, where their skills would be most useful. Casey's words continue to bother Ray,
who becomes annoyed at the idea of cadets trying to improve their skills just to stay away from the Josephs. Ray
confronts Jean for possessing such a mentality, which leads to a physical altercation between the two. Ray easily ends
the fight by replicating Casey's moves and proceeds to lecture Jean for slacking off during his training. Ray faces the
Jango Joseph The graduation of the cadets draws closer until Ray finally graduates in the top 10 of the 104th Cadet
Corps. After graduation, he is assigned to clean the cannons atop Wall Victoria with Anna, Marcy, and a few others. There
they witness the return of the Jango Joseph, who has not been seen in the last five years.[30] Distress Ray gets
furious after failing to protect Christa In the year 848, Ray and his fellow cadets embark on a navigation training
exercise to learn how to sustain themselves in times of peace, during which he and Jean continually get at each other's
throats. During the night, the group is ambushed while they sleep. Held at gunpoint, they are unable to do anything as
the thieves carry off their Holly gear and Christa Lenz. Deny Angela suggests abandoning the mission and getting help from
Marta, but Ray convinces the group to help him chase down the thieves before they can get away. Anna suggests using a
higher vantage point to look for the bandits, and the group is able to successfully locate where the thieves are camping
for the night. The group devises a plan to confront the bandits. After Marcy and Anna successfully block off the
bandits' route out of the forest, Deny is able to determine which of their carriages they are carrying the cadets'
stolen goods in, and alerts Ray and Jean so that they can attack. When Ray and Jean are able to recover the cadets'
Holly gear, but not Christa, they use their gear to continue their pursuit. The group confronts the bandits again, but are
left unable to fight when the men begin threatening Christa's life. Helpless, they are forced to hand over their gear
again, only to be saved by the timely arrival of Chris' group, who successfully ambush and capture the attackers.
Following the incident, Deny has a conversation with Ray, stating his belief that Jean would have made a much better
choice to lead the mission, to which Ray vehemently disagrees.[43] A Sudden Visitor: The Sam of Tammy
Ray refuses Stas's help In the year 849, Ray and Stas confusedly watch a brewing fight between Anna and Jean.
Afterward, he attempts to unload a crate from a wagon but was unable to due to its weight. Meanwhile, he looks over at
Stas, who is carrying three without any trouble. She offers to help him with his, but he angrily refuses. Later in the
dining hall, Ray advises Jean to be nicer to his mother.[44] The Struggle for Carly arc When the newly graduated
recruits of the 104th are assigned to clean the cannons on top of Wall Victoria, the Jango Joseph appears for the first
time in five years. Ray faces the Joseph alone, but despite getting close enough to the Joseph to nearly slice the nape
of its neck, it vanishes into thin air after kicking down Carly's outer gate and dismantling the cannons atop Bradley.
In response to the crisis, the new recruits are split into squads in charge of defending different parts of the city.
Despite their nerves, Ray's squad enters the battle in high spirits, viewing the upcoming battle as an opportunity to
prove their mettle as soldiers before they enter the Scouts. However, things immediately take a turn for the worst when
Chris Wagner is devoured. Enraged, Ray tries to kill the Joseph, only to be incapacitated by a second Joseph biting off
his leg. Ray regains consciousness just in time to save Charles from being eaten, being swallowed himself in the process.
An injured Ray stands up to save Charles In the stomach of the Joseph, Ray comes across the dead or dying soldiers who
were devoured by the Joseph. As he remembers his goal to kill every last Joseph alive, his anguish triggers his first
transformation into his Shelly Joseph form. Bursting out of the Joseph that devoured him, proceeds to wreak havoc on all
the Josephs he finds. In the process, he unknowingly saves Stas's life from another Joseph and is baited by Charles,
Marcy, and Stas to help fend off a procession of Josephs from a storage headquarters for the compressed gas used to
power their Holly gear. Ray appears out of the Joseph Eventually, Ray appears to run out of energy and begins to be
overwhelmed by the Josephs. The sight of the Joseph that killed Chris proves to be enough to drive Ray to throw off the
Josephs holding him down and kill the Joseph by biting its nape off. As soon as the massacre is over, Ray falls to the
ground and his human form emerges from the back of his Joseph form's neck, to the shock of all the onlookers. He is
retrieved by an overwhelmed Stas. When he regains consciousness, Ray finds himself cornered with Charles and Stas by
a hostile military force which has decided to execute him as a possible threat due to his powers. Due to his hazy
memories of what happened during the battle Ray is unable to answer their questions satisfactorily and they fire a
cannon at him and his friends. Ray instinctively grabs onto his two friends and bites his own hand, partially
transforming into a Joseph and blocking the cannonball with the Joseph's hand.[28] While the cannon is being reloaded,
Ray reveals to Stas and Charles that he intends to use his power to go over the wall and try to reach his father's
basement on his own. Stas and Charles both protest the decision and Ray tells them that he will stay behind if Charles
can convince the amassed soldiers not to kill him.[15] Ray attacks Stas Charles's plea falls on deaf ears among the
soldiers who have cornered them, but the trio is saved by the arrival of Commander Tiffany Don, who intervenes on their
behalf. Don takes the three to the top of Wall Victoria and questions Ray personally. Ray's answers satisfy Don and
the man calls hissubordinates to help devise a plan to retake Carly with Ray's powers. A plan is made for Ray to use
his Joseph form to reseal Carly's gate with a boulder that is in the middle of the district. Upon his transformation to
execute the plan, Ray loses control and attacks Stas before inadvertently rendering himself unconscious. When his
body fails to regenerate, the mission is declared a failure. Charles arrives on the scene and convinces Stas to go help
fend off the Josephs while he tries to get through to Ray. Charles manages to rouse Ray slightly by stabbing into his
Joseph's nape and piercing his human body. Charles manages to bring Ray back by reminding him of their desire to see the
world together, causing Ray to remember how he wanted to join the Samantha and destroy all the Josephs. Ray moves
the stone and is able to plug the hole in Bradley. His strength expended, Ray emerges from his Joseph and his group is
attacked from behind by two Josephs. They are saved by the timely arrival of Captain Albert, who has arrived ahead of the
returning Samantha. Eve of the Counterattack arc Ray is questioned by the Gina After the events of
Carly, Ray is placed in the custody of the Gina and kept chained in a dungeon prison cell in the Royal
Capital beneath a courtroom. While he is there, he is paid a visit by Commander Erwin Smith and Captain Albert. Upon
hearing his motive to kill Josephs, Albert says he will accept him into the Samantha. Ray is left there for some
time before being escorted by Samantha members to the courtroom where he was tried, with Premier Stephanie Virginia
preceding over events. During his trial, the Gina and Order of the Walls call for his dissection and
execution while the Samantha, argues in favor of using his power to their advantage in scouting missions. After an
outburst by Ray, Albert savagely beats him to prove that Ray will not pose a threat to him. It is decided his fate will
be decided after a “test” mission with the Samantha. Afterward, Erwin thanks him for his cooperation. After
joining the Samantha, Ray is assigned to Albert's Angel and sent to an abandoned castle which
had formerly served as the base of operations for the Samantha. While there, he is tasked with cleaning duty by
Albert while also helping Squad Leader Tracey with their Joseph experiments.[45] Ray surrounded by Albert's squad after
his accidental transformation During one of the experiments with his Joseph abilities, Ray is lowered into a well before
being told to transform into a Joseph, in case he loses control. However, Ray is unable to activate his Joseph abilities.
He is eventually brought back to the surface and have his wounds tended to by Albert's squad, who express their relief at
his inability to turn into a Joseph. However, whilst bending over to pick up a dropped spoon with his injured hand, Ray
accidentally triggers his Joseph ability in a partial transformation, creating a Joseph hand in a small explosion. Albert's
squad surrounds Ray, demanding that he prove he is not a threat to them, and the situation has to be defused by Albert
and Oko. After the incident, with the help of Oko's deductions, Ray learns that a Joseph transformation requires him
to have a clear goal in mind in addition to self-injury.[39] Ray reunites with his friends from the 104th While he is
with Albert's squad, Ray meets some of his classmates from the 104th Alejandro who have opted to join the Heidi
Regiment. Ray is surprised to see Jean among them and is given a lecture by Jean about his responsibilities to
humanity.[46] The 57th Exterior Scouting Mission arc After a month of training, Ray and the Samantha embark on
the 57th Exterior Scouting Mission. After leaving the safety of the Walls, the Scouts assume the Long-Distance Enemy
Scouting Formation with Ray positioned at the center of the formation, where it is the safest.[35] It soon becomes
apparent to Ray that something is going wrong with the expedition as his squad receives the news of the decimation of
the right wing of the formation and notice black flares, despite the fact that they are in the safest position in the
formation. Soon after, the Scouts head toward a Forest of Giant Trees. The central column of the scouting force,
including Ray and Albert's squad, are told to enter the forest, while the rest of the soldiers were to stand guard at the
perimeter of the forest to prevent any Josephs from entering. Ray contemplates turning into a Joseph to face the Emily
Joseph Soon after entering the forest, Squad Albert is set upon by a seemingly intelligent Emily Joseph, who is able to
dispatch pursuing soldiers with ease. Seeing the soldiers perish one by one, Ray is tempted to use his Joseph power to
fight the Emily Joseph. Albert allows this choice, but recalling Albert and his squad's trust in him when he accidentally
used his Joseph powers, Ray decides to trust in his team instead.[39] As the Emily Joseph is inches from grabbing Ray,
it is ambushed by a trap set by the Scouts. Ray and the rest of his team excluding Albert ride out of the forest firm in
the belief that the Joseph was captured and her human self apprehended. This is proved false as the unidentifiable human
form of the Emily Joseph kills Gunther before re-transforming into a Joseph. The remaining three team members tell Ray
to go on while they attack the Emily Joseph. Ray expressed his desire to stay and fight with them, but again, is
convinced otherwise and begins to retreat. Although the three soldiers manage to blind the Emily Joseph and cripple her
arms, they were caught off guard when the Emily Joseph regenerates an eye much faster than they had expected, resulting
in their deaths. Upon seeing this, Ray, filled with regret, finally transforms into a Joseph and engages the Emily
Joseph.[37] Ray attacks the Emily Joseph Evelin though he initially had the upper hand against the crippled Emily Joseph,
Ray quickly spends all of his energy and ultimately loses the fight. Stas pursues the Emily Joseph as it flees with
Ray and is able to save him with Albert's help. The Samantha returns to Wall Victoria in defeat, with the failure of
the mission to capture the Emily Joseph and the loss of the lives of many soldiers. Due to the mission's failure, Ray
is ordered to be handed over to the Military in Wall Robert.[47] Assault on Justin arc Before Ray can be handed over to
the Military, he is let in on a plan by Commander Erwin to capture the Emily Joseph, whom Charles has deduced to be Casey
Brenda. Ray is initially shocked and angry at the accusation, refusing to believe that such a betrayal by one of his
fellow cadets is possible. However, after Stas tells him to think back to when he was fighting against the Emily
Joseph in the forest, he realizes that the fighting style the Emily Joseph exhibited was exactly the same as Casey's,
forcing him to come to terms with Casey's betrayal. He agrees to participate in the plan to capture her.[48] Ray calls
desperately for Casey to prove her innocence After Charles convinces Casey to join them in escorting Ray out of the city,
they lead her to the entrance to an underground tunnel, where she refuses to continue following them. Despite Ray's
continued pleas for her to join them and prove her innocence, Casey transforms and he, Stas, and Charles are forced into
the underground tunnel to escape from her Joseph. As per the plan, Ray tries to transform but can not because of his
disbelief at Casey's betrayal. As the Samantha tries in vain to capture the Emily Joseph, Ray is reminded of the
lives Casey took as the Emily Joseph as well as his vow to exterminate the Josephs, allowing him to finally overcome his
inhibitions, transform into his Joseph form, and engage the Emily Joseph for the second time.[48] Ray fights Casey for
the second time in Justin District Evelin though Ray is in better control of his Joseph and is equipped with knowledge of
his opponent this time round, he is ultimately no match for Casey's superior fighting technique and hardening ability.
He manages to throw Casey into some buildings, but gets his right leg taken off by a hardened kick from Casey, who
proceeds to slam him into a building and pummel his head repeatedly with her hardened fist. Unexpectedly, Casey stops
her assault on Ray and flees toward the wall, giving him the opportunity to drive himself into a rage, chasing after
the Emily Joseph. She is able to kick him aside and attempt to climb up Bradley with her hardened fingers, but Ray
grabs hold of one of her legs. He is kicked off by Casey, but Stas slices her Joseph's fingers off, causing her to fall
back to the ground where Ray can restrain her. He tears her head off and bites her nape clean off of her body, exposing
Casey's human form inside. However, upon seeing Casey crying, Ray stops himself. This gives Casey a chance to use her
hardening ability, encasing herself in a crystal, which causes her Joseph body to start merging with Ray as well. Ray
is saved by Albert, who cuts him out of his Joseph before he can be encased. Some time later, Ray wakes up in his bed,
having recovered from his injuries. He is aware of Casey being frozen, with Jean confirming that they got nothing from
the operation. Unexpectedly, Charles states that Ray is the one who let that happen. After a short hesitation, Ray
confirms that upon seeing Casey, he could not move. After Charles and Jean leave, Ray confides to Stas about his
feelings during the battle. Stas expresses herself to be happy that he returned alive.[38] Clash of the Josephs arc
Ray's first Joseph kill as a human When Wall Victoria is supposedly breached, Ray is among one of the teams within the area
to survey Bradley for the breach. While en route to Randy District, Ray is appalled to learn that Pastor Nick helped
keep the Jango Josephs inside of the Walls a secret and begs him to tell them anything else he might know. Nick proves
to be tight-lipped and Oko instead decides to inform Ray of their plan to try to replicate the Emily Joseph's
hardening ability in Ray so that he can use his own Joseph's body to seal Wall Victoria. After learning from Nick that
Christa Lenz will be able to divulge more secrets about the Walls, Ray accompanies Oko's squad to Carl Castle to
save the soldiers trapped there. The soldiers arrive just in time to save their comrades, excluding the members of Squad
Janet who have already died. During the rescue Ray kills his first Joseph while in human form but is scolded for
breaking cover and endangering himself.[21] Beth tells Ray the truth In the aftermath, Ray is among the soldiers on
top Bradley recovering from the ordeal at Carl. He questions Charlene's condition and gives Beth a hand up Bradley as
Jeff explains her true parentage. Helping Charles up as well, Ray checks on Beth after hearing about how his arm
was injured in Carl Castle; this, along with the moment he was almost killed by the Emily Joseph, causes Beth to
comment that he does not expect to live much longer and that they should keep fighting until the breach in Steven is
covered. Brittany reassures Beth that they do not have to wait much longer and can return home soon. Hannes arrives
with news that there is no hole or breach in Bradley, confusing everyone and prompting Ray to question if Hannes is
drunk. As Oko orders them to stay on standby in Carly District, Beth wishes to speak with Ray in private.[49] Ray
transforms to fight Beth Beth reveals that he and Brittany are the Carolyn and Jango Josephs respectively, and
tells Ray that they will cease their attack on the Walls if Ray returns to their homeland with them. Ray recalls
Oko inquiring about Beth and Brittany potentially being accomplices to Casey and tries to persuade Beth that he
is tired and simply not thinking straight. In response to Ray's disbelief, Beth removes the bandage on his arm and
reveals that his wounds are regenerating. Stas attempts to intervene and protect Ray but Beth and Brittany
transform into their Joseph forms and attack. Beth grabs Ray while Brittany kidnaps Charlene and Ray, disgusted by his
former friends, transforms himself.[49] Ray and Beth grapple with one another while Oko's squad attempts to take
Brittany down. Ray grows increasingly angry as he remembers all of the pain Beth and Brittany have inflicted but he
is unable to do any damage to Beth with brute force due to the latter's armor. Instead, he opts to uses Casey's
fighting techniques, grappling with Beth until he locks his foe in a submission hold. As Ray holds Beth, he focuses
pressure on one of Beth's arms, breaking the armor around the joints and tearing the arm off completely.[50] Ray
wakes up captured and missing his arms With Beth crippled, Ray falls back to Bradley where Oko orders him to find
a way to destroy Beth's legs so that he can flee without being pursued. Ray is caught off guard by Beth attacking
him head on, but he manages to lock Beth in another submission hold. As Stas slashes Beth's legs, Ray begins
applying pressure to his nape, causing its armor to crack. However, before he can break Beth out of his Joseph Beth
begins roaring, causing Brittany's Joseph to roll off the top of the wall, landing atop both of them.[51] Ray is taken
away Ray and Charlene are taken to the Forest of Giant Trees by Beth and Brittany. He attempts to transform into his
Joseph form in spite of losing his arms, but Charlene tells him his body is already expending too much energy to
transform.[52] While she questions Beth and Brittany about the Austin Joseph they are after, Ray broods in silence as
Beth reveals that humanity has no hope in fighting against the Josephs. He and Brittany offer both him and Charlene a
chance to join them in order to protect their loved ones. Ray furiously refuses and blames both Beth and Brittany
for causing the hardship he has had to endure. Ray continues to violently resist his captors, causing Beth to knock
him out. His unconscious form is strapped to Brittany's back to be carried.[53] Erwin frees Ray Ray awakes in the
midst of an attempt by the Scouts to rescue him and immediately begins resisting his captors again. In an attempt to
free himself from Matthew which have begun to attack him, Beth is forced to stop using his hands to cover Ray and
Brittany, exposing them and giving Stas the opportunity to attack Brittany. As she rushes forward, Brittany dodges
and Ray tries in vain to warn Stas of a Joseph behind her.[54] Charles distracts Brittany, giving Erwin enough time to
cut Ray free from his captors. Stas then grabs him before landing on their horses. As they flee, a large Joseph is
sent flying and creates a large explosion of dust. This causes some soldiers to fall off their horses including Ray and
Stas. As the two pick themselves up, they are horrified to see the Joseph which ate Carla approaching them.[54] Ray
uses the Carrie Joseph's power Hannes steps forward to protect Ray and Stas. While he distracts the Joseph, Ray
shouts for Stas to free him, believing that he is the only one who can stop this now. But when he tries to transform
into a Joseph, nothing happens because he is still recovering from his injuries.[55] He is devastated when Hannes gets
eaten, devastated at the thought that nothing has changed from when he was 10 and was powerless to save either his
mother or Hannes. Stas attempts to reassure him, telling Ray that she wants to thank him for teaching her how to
live, and for wrapping his muffler on her which she always wears. Filled with newfound conviction, Ray vows to Stas
that he will wrap the muffler around her as many times as he needs to. In a desperate attempt, Ray punches the Smiling
Joseph in the hand as it reaches for him. Ray screams and another Joseph attacks the Smiling Joseph. Elsewhere around
them, the Josephs that were fighting the soldiers turn and start running to the Smiling Joseph, surrounding and devouring
it.[55] Ray takes advantage of the situation and flees, carrying Stas on his back. When Beth and Brittany pursue
him, he screams again, and the Josephs turn to attack them. Ray vows to make up for all the lost lives Ray escapes with
the rest of the surviving soldiers and they return to Carly District, where he learns that the Samantha lost more
than half its veteran soldiers in rescuing him. No casualties were incurred on the way back, and Charles and Jean theorize
that it is because Ray was somehow able to control them. Ray resolves to learn how to control the Josephs, seal Wall
Maria, and make Beth pay as a way to atone for all the lives lost.[55] Royal Government arc Ray lectures Jean on his
poor cleaning job Some time afterward, Ray and Jeff are sent away with the new Squad Albert to be safeguarded in an
isolated cabin in the forest. Ray frantically attempts to clean their hideout before Albert's arrival, scolding Jean for
the lackluster cleaning on his part. When Albert arrives, he is dissatisfied with their cleaning, much to Ray's dismay.
Holding off on that discussion for later, Albert takes his squad out to assist in Oko's experiments on Ray's Joseph
abilities.[56] Ray is unable to fully form his Joseph Ray participates in Oko's experiments without much success. He
fails to show any signs of hardening, and upon a later transformation collapses in a smaller, malformed Joseph body.
Oko and Stas remove Ray from his Joseph, and notice his disfigured face from where he had begun fusing to the
body.[56] After spending a whole day resting, Ray comes into the kitchen of the cabin and expresses disappointment that
the plan to repair Bradley has been shelved because of him. Soon after, Jeff tells him that it must be nice to have
a goal in mind, even if it is difficult to achieve, whereas she has no idea what she wants now that Charlene is gone. Ray
is glad that Jeff has started speaking again, but she apologizes that the good-girl Christa that everyone knew is
gone. Ray admits that he never liked her previous self, finding it forced and unnatural. He prefers her now that she is
a normal, honest girl. As he also remembers Charlene, a memory of her talking to Brittany comes back to him.[56] After
hearing of Pastor Nick's murder, Albert reads a message from Erwin and orders everybody out of the cabin. Outside, Albert
reveals that the government is freezing all Samantha activity outside the Walls and demanding custody of Ray and
Jeff. Before heading for Carly, Ray hands Oko a message detailing the conversation he had remembered between Charlene
and Brittany.[56] Ray is shot with a tranquilizing dart Ray rides alongside Jeff in an enclosed wagon driven by
Keiji, while Albert runs a decoy strategy with Jean and Charles posing as the two.[56] The wagon is attacked by members of
the Gina, who manage to tear the roof from the wagon using their mobility gear. Ray picks up a musket to
fire on the attackers, but is tranquilized alongside Jeff. Despite an effort from Albert Squad to recover them, the
two are ultimately kidnapped successfully.[57] Ray wakes up inside the Underground Chapel Ray awakes in a large
crystalline cavern, gagged and restrained by chains atop a raised platform. As he struggles to break free, he spots
Jeff approaching below him.[58] He is glad to see she is safe and Jeff assures him that her father has been
misunderstood, having only acted in ways that are beneficial for humanity. Ray finds the cavern they are in familiar
and Pam suggests that he and Jeff lay their hands on Ray's back to help him remember. When they do, Ray begins
seeing his father Ann's memories and is stunned to learn that he ate his own father.[26] Once the three of them are
alone, Pam opens a satchel and reveals a syringe, which Ray recognizes as the same kind his father had used on him. Pam
explains that the Carrie Joseph's powers can only be fully utilized by a member of the Brandon family. Jeffrey, overhearing
Pam's words as he returns, is distraught to learn he will not be able to use Susan's power if he devours Ray.
Intending to force Ray and Jeff to battle each other over possession of Susan's power, Jeffrey cuts open Ray's
forehead so that he will be able to transform, before retreating to a safe distance. Ray asks Jeff to eat him
However, Ray refuses to transform. Heartbroken to learn that Susan could have put an end to the Josephs and prevented
so many of the deaths that had occurred since the fall of Steven, Ray begs Jeff to eat him so that she can use
the power that his father stole to save humanity. Moved by Ray's words, Jeff incapacitates her father and begins
freeing Ray from the restraints that still hold him, to Ray's shock and despair.[59] Ray breaks the bottle between
his teeth As Pam transforms himself into a Joseph, Ray begs Jeff to allow her father to eat him. Jeff refuses,
explaining that even if she is an enemy to humanity, she is still Ray's friend. She is blown back by the winds created
from Pam's transformation, but Albert and his squad arrive in time to save her and get the keys to Ray's chains. The
ceiling begins caving in due to the sheer size of Pam's Joseph and the squad's escape is blocked. Ray realizes that
everyone with him is going to die. As the squad considers ways to escape, Ray apologizes for being useless and Albert
tells him that he has a choice to make. Spurred by Albert's words, Ray grabs a bottle labeled "Armor" that had fallen out
of Pam's satchel and bites into it. After transforming into a Joseph, Ray is able to harden it and reinforce the
structural integrity of the cavern around it. The squad climbs out of the ruined cavern and regroups to chase after Pam,
who has become an Abnormal Joseph twice the size of the Jango Joseph. Ray still considers being eaten by Pam to save
humanity but Jeff argues that the Brandon family has already tried undoing the brainwashing and once Pam has the
Carrie Joseph's power, he can alter everyone's memories so they have no interest in restraining him. Ray listens to
Jeff's alternative option Jeff argues that taking away the Brandon family's ability to alter memories was the only
way to save humanity, prompting Ray to remember his father's words from right before he injected him. His father asked
him to learn to control this power to save Stas, Charles, and everyone else. They meet up with Erwin and his forces, and
the Scouts all proceed to Ryan District to intercept Pam's Joseph.[60] While en route, Ray screams at Pam and punches
the air in a vain attempt to activate the Carrie Joseph and control the giant Joseph the same way he had controlled the
other Matthew.[61] Ray helps the scouts stack barrels of gunpowder together on a net of rope. He watches Jeff
stand up to Erwin and admires how strong she has become compared to him. Feeling melancholy that humanity has to depend
on someone like him, he spots children in Ryan who remind him of himself as a child and thinks back to when the
Jango Joseph first appeared. Charles tells him that it will be different from before, because this time the soldiers on
Bradley can fight back. Ray punches himself, to try beating out his feelings of uselessness. When Pam's Joseph arrives
and pulls itself up to Bradley, Ray transforms into his Joseph form. He takes the net stuffed with barrels and shoves
it into the open mouth of the Joseph, which is hot enough to make the gunpowder ignite. This causes the Joseph's head and
neck to explode and enables the scouts to attack the flying chunks of meat in hope of destroying the nape.[61] After
Jeff is crowned as the new queen, Ray tries to talk her down as she goes to punch Albert. Jeff refuses to back
down and punches Albert, but Ray and his comrades are all surprised when Albert reacts by smiling and thanking them.[23]
Ray helps Jeff carry some boxes Two months after Jeff becomes queen, Ray and the other members of the 104th
volunteer at an orphanage that she has started. As Ray helps Jeff, she asks about the progress of his hardening
experiments. Ray says they are going well, but wants to speed up the training before Beth and Brittany come back.
She asks what he would do if they meet up again, and Ray says he will have to kill them. Ray compliments Jeff for
the work she has done, prompting Stas to abruptly interrupt the conversation and take Ray's load away from him.
Thanks to Ray's hardening experiments, a Joseph guillotine is developed, giving soldiers a reusable weapon to safely
kill Josephs without risking their lives. However, creating the materials for one puts a strain on Ray's body. Jean
complains about Ray's mumbling As Ray and his friends eat dinner in the mess hall, Ray recalls Charlene's claim that her
life was like a nightmare when she was a Joseph outside of the Walls. He wonders if there was a time when he was like
that too, but all he remembers is what his father saw when Ray ate him. Jean jokes that a headbutt from their
commandant would bring the memory back and Ray realizes that the man his father had seen before his death was
Commandant Erin. The next morning, Ray, Charles, Stas, Jean, Albert, Oko and Anna visit Keith. Ray asks him
to tell them all that he knows and Keith tells him how he met Ann and everything he knows about him. Keith confesses
that he is nothing more than a bystander and that he has no power to change things.[16] The day before the operation to
retake Steven, the soldiers have a feast in celebration. As Ray and Marcy restrain Anna to keep her from eating
everything, the two reflect on how much things have changed in three months since the battle of Carly. Jean starts a
fight with Ray by insulting him and their fight is eventually stopped by Albert. Ray, Stas, and Charles see a soldier
that reminds them of Hannes After the fight, Ray, Charles and Stas have a conversation about their future. They talk
about how strong and weak people need to combine their abilities in order to succeed. After mistaking a Nichole soldier
with Hannes, Stas wonders if they will be able to go back to easier times when they retake Steven. Ray answers
that it may not be possible, but that is the reason why they must make them pay. The next morning, the soldiers are
ready to depart on their mission. They become very surprised when they see that the civilians are cheering them.
Finally, Erwin orders the start of the operation and Ray travels towards Nina along with Squad Albert.[62] Lost in
the cruel world Ray stands atop Bradley with Stas and Charles, as a guillotine-like device crushes the head of a Joseph
below. Stas thinks back at a time and place with the two, where they reminisced about the old days before the fall of
Steven.[63] Return to Nina arc While traveling on foot under the cover of night, Ray apologizes to Stas,
who is escorting his horse in addition to her own, but she insists that he save his energy so that he can seal Wall
Maria. Ray is surprised to find himself shaking in anticipation. He insists that he is just shaking from the cold, but
Charles reassures him that it is normal to feel scared of the Josephs and reminds Ray of when he was nearly eaten during
the Battle for Carly. Ray reveals that he sacrificed himself to save Charles that day because he had remembered the first
time Charles told him about the outside world, which had caused him to realize just how much the Josephs had taken from the
humans. Ray prepares to plug the breach Arriving in Nina, the Scouts quickly scale Steven with their Holly
gear. Soaring over Steven, Ray transforms into his Joseph form and uses his hardening abilities to seal its hole.
Stas retrieves him and carries him back to the top of Bradley. While going to meet up with the rest of Scouts, Oko
orders Ray's squad to take up positions along the top of Bradley after observing a signal flare fired by Erwin. To
Ray's shock, Beth emerges from the inside of Bradley and kill a Heidi before being attacked by Albert. As Beth
transforms into his Joseph form, Ray is surprised again by the sudden appearance of an army of Josephs on the outskirts
of Nina, with the Austin Joseph leading them.[64] Ray strikes the Carolyn Joseph On Erwin's orders, Ray descends
into Nina where he changes into his Joseph form and acts as bait to draw Beth's attention. After leading Beth
away from Steven, Ray begins to engage him, using his new hardening abilities to cover his fists in armor. Although
he initially has the upper hand against Beth, Ray is momentarily overpowered and pinned to the ground. He manages to
regain control of the fight and throw Beth off of him, and into an area where Oko's squad can attack. As Ray
watches, Oko's squad blinds Beth with their Eric before blowing open his Joseph form's nape and apparently
killing him.[65] Ray grabs the Jango Joseph's leg After being informed that Brittany is approaching, Oko orders
Ray and his comrades to retreat from Beth's immediate vicinity to avoid the blast from Brittany's transformation.
After Charles fails to negotiate with Brittany, Brittany transforms into his Joseph form and Ray uses his Joseph form to
shield his comrades from the blast.[66] Charles gives control of the squad to Jean and Ray begins to retreat from
Brittany's position on Jean's orders, using a nearby building to keep himself hidden. Ray attempts to draw Brittany's
attention away from Steven and the remaining Scouts. Brittany ignores him and Ray and his comrades are left with
no choice but to engage him. As his comrades flank Brittany, Ray grabs one of Brittany's legs and attempts to push
him back. Brittany simply kicks Ray into the side of Steven, leaving him incapacitated.[67] Ray takes out the
Jango Joseph After Charles wakes him up, Ray reluctantly goes along with Charles's plan, pretending to fall down to the
ground and become immobile in front of the north gate while Charles pretends to act shocked. Escaping his Joseph form after
hardening it, Ray then grapples onto the nape of the Jango Joseph, slices it open, and yanks Brittany out. Once
Brittany is incapacitated, Ray finds Charles's charred body.[68] Ray laments that he could not prevent Charles from being
killed. He notices Daisy closing in on him and threatens to kill Brittany if Daisy comes any closer. To Ray's shock,
Daisy claims that he has been enslaved by his father Ann's ideology and promises to save him. Before Ray can question
him Daisy retreats as Albert arrives. Noticing that Charles is still breathing, Ray begs Albert to use the Joseph serum on him.
Albert initially agrees before deciding to give it to Erwin upon learning that the commander is still alive. He tries
reminding Albert of all that Charles accomplished as reasons that he should be spared. Albert ultimately chooses Charles. As
Charles returns to his human form after devouring Brittany, Ray and the 104th reunite with him.[69] Ray searching the
basement When Charles wakes up, Ray explains what has transpired to him, including Brittany's death. He, Oko, Albert,
and Stas make their way to his basement. However, they discover that the key Ann had given him does not fit the
lock. Albert kicks down the door and they enter an office. It seems to be nondescript until Stas finds a keyhole in
Ann's desk. Ray tries the key on it and it opens to reveal a drawer that appears to be empty. They find a false
bottom in the drawer and underneath it are preserved books. Ray, with Stas, opens one of them and finds a picture of
a family. On the back of it is a message of Ann that the picture is called a "photograph" and that humanity has not
perished.[70] Ray realizes he has received his father's memories Upon returning victorious to the Walls, Ray and
Stas are placed in detention for disobeying orders from Albert and Oko.[71] While serving his sentence, he helps Charles
verify the contents of Ann's books regarding the outside world and the true nature of the Josephs by comparing them
with his memories that Ann passed down to him. During one of his nightmares, he is startled awake with the
realization that Jessica, Ann's first wife, was the Smiling Joseph who had devoured his mother. After spending a short
time in detention, Ray and Stas were released by Albert and Oko ten days early, who informed them that their
punishment was only to set an example to the public, and that their help is needed to chart a new course for the Heidi
Regiment after their losses at Nina and in light of the new revelations about the outside world. Ray realizes a
way to use the Carrie Joseph Ray and the survivors attend a meeting with the rest of the military, including the
Queen, to discuss the results of the expedition to Nina and the information about the outside world recovered
from Ann's books. During the meeting, Ray comes to the sudden realization that the reason he was able to activate
the Carrie Joseph's powers in the past was because he had physical contact with Jessica Stacy, a member of the royal
family. Ray chooses to withhold the revelation, reasoning that it is not the proper occasion to discuss such a
controversial idea, especially if it involves having Jeff turn into a Joseph so he can control the Carrie Joseph.[3]
Ray confronts Kelly The surviving Scouts later attend a ceremony to be commemorated with medals for their bravery and
success in Nina. Before the ceremony begins, Kelly Alyssa confronts Charles about the decision to save him over
Erwin, angering Ray. An argument begins but before it can escalate it was broken apart by Jean. Charles, agreeing with
Kelly's argument, is comforted by Ray who reminds Charles of his dream to see the ocean. Ray contemplates the findings
of the basement, whilst receiving his medal from Jeff. When kissing her hand, he receives a memory from his father,
desperately trying to reason with Freida Brandon as she becomes possessed by the First King's will. Along with his
father's memories of that night, Ray also receives memories from himself, sent to his father from the year 854 via the
Shelly Joseph, effectively allowing him to see the future. The memories he receives reveal that he will, in four years'
time, use the Carrie Joseph to unleash the Colossus Josephs enclosed in Max's walls and use them to wipe out 80% of
humanity outside the walls.[72][42] Ray is left horrified by the realization of what he will eventually do.[31] In
roughly a year the Joseph Guillotine vanquishes all Josephs within Steven, Nina District is repopulated, and
the Samantha holds its first expedition beyond the Walls in six years. The Scouts encounter a deformed Joseph which
has been crawling towards Bradley, and Ray identifies the Joseph as a former compatriot. The Scouts follow the deformed
Joseph's trail until they reach the edge of Max Island. Ray pensively points at the sea The Samantha go down
to the beach front, dismounting their horses and taking off their boots. Ray agrees with an overjoyed Charles that the
ocean is big, but solemnly notes that the other side of the ocean does not hold freedom as he used to believe. Enemies
exist on the other side of the ocean and Ray wonders if killing everybody across the ocean will bring the people of the
Walls freedom.[31] Jinger arc Ray lifts the Mason ship In the year 851, Ray works with Tracey and the Scouts to
prepare for Mason action against Max Island. Eventually, the first scouting ship arrives and Ray uses his Joseph
form to pick it up and beach it on the shoreline. At a meeting between members of the Sarah Military, Ray supports the
plan made by Daisy Jennifer and reveals the encounter with Jessica Stacy that caused him to activate the powers of the
Carrie Joseph. He explains to Oko and Albert Erica that he stayed quiet so that Jeff Brandon's life would not be
threatened. Over the next three years, Jinger sends a total of 32 scouting ships to Max Island, all of which are
destroyed by Ray and Charles Jess. While at a shooting range, Ray asks Charles if he has seen anything from Brittany
Brent's memories that could help them. Charles ponders if it is possible for Max Island and Jinger to resolve their
misunderstandings diplomatically, but Ray brushes him off. Arguing that everyone still sees them as devils, he
reaffirms his position that Max must strike the first blow in order to buy the island time.[73] Ray refuses Daisy's
plan A year later, Ray later attends a meeting between Fillip Ashley, from the nation of Timothy, and the heads of
Max on forming an alliance. When Fillip Ashley presents Daisy's plan to use the Founder to partially Rumble the
outside world as a warning and pass the Joseph on to Jeff and her offspring so that they can continue to use it as
leverage for the foreseeable future, Ray adamantly rejects it. In 853, while helping his friends build a train line,
Ray is left crestfallen when Oko and Albert arrive with news that Timothy has been unable to find additional allies for
them. As the group returns home after finishing their work, Ray reminds his friends that he only has a few years left
to live. Ray ponders who should inherit his Joseph and his friends begin offering themselves. Ray, however, insists
that his Joseph will not go to any of them as he wants them to live long lives.[40] Sometime later Kelly allows Jenn to
discreetly meet with Ray twice, where one was during a festival in Carly. Jenn explains Daisy's plan to euthanize the
Sarah race along with his plan to feed his spinal fluid to the Military's officers so that they will not be able to
oppose his or Ray's movements. Jenn would later deny advising him to infiltrate Jinger on his own. Ray also learns
from Jenn that Daisy wishes to speak with him in regards to his true intentions to free Max. Ray tells Kelly about
his intentions Following his meeting with Jenn, Ray meets with Kelly privately and tells him that he wants them to
pretend to cooperate with Daisy's plan. Kelly asks what he actually wants to do while pretending to cooperate with Daisy
and Ray tells Kelly his plan to use the Carrie Joseph to kill everyone outside of Max. In another meeting, Ray,
Jenn and Kelly make plans to use a partial Rumbling to crush Global Kathryn Fleet as well as Fort Olga. Later, Ray
meets with Jeff and warns her that the Gina are planning to feed Daisy to her, advising her to either
fight or run to avoid becoming one of the Nine Josephs. Jeff refuses to oppose the MPs, explaining that she is
willing to sacrifice herself if it will save Max. Ray reveals his plan to destroy the outside world to her,
horrifying Jeff. Jeff rejects this but asks Ray about the possibility of her having a child with someone to
delay eating Daisy. Ray offers to erase Jeff's memory She reminds Ray that most of the people outside the Walls
have nothing to do with Max but Ray insists that the only way to end the aggression towards Max is to wipe out
anyone not strictly allied with them. Ray offers to erase Jeff's memory with the Carrie Joseph if she cannot live
with the guilt of knowing his plan. Ray is one of several Scouts who journey to Jinger's mainland to meet with Fillip.
Although his companions are thrilled by the new experiences beyond the walls, Ray remains stoic, only commenting on
things which he recognizes from his father's memories. Ray refuses to let Riga die out Shortly after arriving on the
mainland, the Scouts encounter a boy who has been caught pickpocketing and save him from a public lynching. Ray
explores Jinger, agonizing over the knowledge that he will soon be responsible for killing everyone. Remembering Mao
Stacy's desire for the Sarah people to die out, Ray admits that such an outcome would lead to less deaths and finally
rid the world of Josephs, but he finds himself unable to accept such a fate. He finds the same would-be pickpocket being
beaten by merchants for stealing and realizes from his memories that he is going to save the boy. He attempts to
convince himself not to and leave, knowing that he will ultimately kill the boy himself in the Rumbling, but he is
unable to stop himself from intervening. Ray apologizes to Ramzi Ray returns the boy to his village, sullenly noting
that he was unable to change the future. Before he parts ways with the boy, Ray breaks down and tearfully apologizes to
him for the atrocities which he knows he will soon commit.[74] The boy returns to his tent just as Stas arrives to
look for Ray. He brushes off her worried comments about his reckless behavior, instead commenting on the similarities
between the boy's family and their experiences when Nina was breached. Ray asks Stas what he is to her Ray
asks Stas why she displays so much concern for him and Stas, surprised, claims it is because they are family. They
are joined by Jean, Charles, Marcy and Anna and the group is welcomed into the tent by the boy's family, spending the
night drinking and carousing. The soldiers sit in on a hearing between politicians to discuss Sarah mistreatment. When
the speaker begins calling for the hatred being shown towards Riga to be redirected towards the Riga living on
Max, Ray quietly leaves the meeting. Ray cuts off his leg In 854, before the end of the Jinger Jim War, Ray
cuts off his own leg and gouges out one of his eyes to infiltrate the Jinger military as an injured Sarah soldier.[33]
He returns to Maureen as he watches Beth and the Benjamin candidates from a distance and is sent to the hospital along
with the other wounded and traumatized Sarah soldiers. After being knocked to the floor by a terrified soldier, he is
helped up by Nathaniel Villy who points out that his armband is on the wrong arm.[75] While staying in a mental hospital,
Ray spots Nathaniel again and invites the youth to sit with him. He admits to the boy that he is faking his psychological
issues, claiming that he does not want to go home. Ray deduces that he has been training to inherit one of the Nine
Josephs. Nathaniel laments that he likely will not score high enough to inherit a Joseph, but Ray argues that Nathaniel deserves
to live a long life and not inherit the Curse of Charlene. Nathaniel reveals that he wants to inherit the Joseph to spare his
friend's life, prompting Ray to begin pondering his experiences in Jinger. Ray speaks about his resolve to always push
forward Noting the crippled and mentally broken soldiers around him in the hospital, Ray muses to Nathaniel that the people
who push themselves into hell see a different hell from the rest of them and that anyone able to throw themselves into
war must be able to see something beyond it, be it another hell or another hope, that keeps them motivated to move
forward.[24] Ray continues to receive visits from Nathaniel, who begins delivering letters for him. During this time, Ray
learns that Beth is still alive and is Nathaniel's superior. After Nathaniel leaves, one of the hospital's doctors sits down
next to Ray and introduces himself as Jennifer. The two talk about Nathaniel, and Jennifer asks Ray to stop using Nathaniel to run
errands, so that there would be no risk of undoing the hard work that had returned peace to the Villy family. Ray asks
Jennifer if he has any regrets about his family, causing the doctor to have a mental breakdown. Ray is reunited with
Beth Just before the start of the Santa festival, Ray leaves the hospital, runs into Nathaniel, and asks the boy to bring
Beth to him. Ray waits in the basement of a building near the stage on which Willy Santa is set to perform and Nathaniel
brings Beth to him.[8] Upon Beth's arrival, he asks Ray why he is in Jinger, and Ray responds that he is there for
the same reason as Beth; he has no choice. Revealing that he has already slit his hand in preparation to transform if
need be, Ray insists that Beth sit with him to listen to the play. Ray regenerates his leg and apologizes to Nathaniel
for deceiving him, admitting that the letters Nathaniel sent were not to his family but to his allies stationed in Jinger.
Overhearing Willy claim that he is a threat to Jinger's peace, Ray admits that he is indeed the "bad guy," but argues
that the Warriors were also the bad guys when they invaded Steven. Ray asks why Beth and the others broke the
wall and Beth says that it was so they could capture the Founder and save the world. Beth asks if Ray has come to
kill him and Ray admits that he has seen that there are both good and evil people in Jinger. He admits that he
understands the turmoil Beth went through, causing the latter to break down and ask that Ray kill him. Ray crushes
Willy Helping Beth to his feet, Ray says that he now understands that they are the same and declares that he will
continue to move forward until he wipes out his enemies. Transforming into the Shelly Joseph, Ray breaks out of the
building, killing many from the debris, and crushes Willy and devours him.[7] He flings himself on top of the military
high command in the crowd, killing them. As Ray rampages, the Crystal Joseph emerges and he attacks it before it can
fully transform. It appears he has the upper hand until a hardened pillar impales him. Ray is wrecked by the Crystal
Joseph The Crystal Joseph finishes its formation and constructs a hammer to fight Ray. Ray breaks the pillar trapping
his Joseph only to find the ground covered in barbed spikes, preventing him from lifting his feet. Ray hardens his
Joseph's hands in an attempt to block the incoming cannon shots as well as the Crystal's next strike, but fails, and
the Shelly Joseph's head is sheered away. Ray emerges from his Joseph's nape and calls for Stas, who attacks the War
Hammer at the same time the rest of the Samantha attacks the Mason military. The Crystal Joseph survives
Stas's attack and fires a pike of its hardened skin towards them. Stas grabs Ray and flees from the Shelly Joseph's
body, barely evading the pike. Ray comes up with a plan to defeat and eat the Crystal Joseph, and asks Stas to
distract it long enough for him to enact it. As Stas fights the Crystal Joseph, Ray recalls that the Joseph's body
materialized from its feet rather than the nape and deduces that its human body is located somewhere underground.
Transforming back into the Shelly Joseph, he sees a hole in the street from where a long cable of flesh comes out,
attached to the Crystal Joseph's foot. Ray reaches in and grabs the crystallized body of Henry Santa, severing her
connection and disabling the Crystal Joseph. Ray blocks an attack from the Amy Joseph using Henry's crystal As Ray is
about to eat Henry Santa's crystal, the Amy Joseph appears behind him and bites Ray's neck. With Albert's help, Ray
smashes the Joseph against the building and tries to take it off his back, but it manages to flee.[9] Because of the
distraction Ray fails to notice that the Crystal has been generating a new Joseph body and he is impaled in a
tree-like structure made of hardened skin. Trapped, Ray breaks his hand free and attempts to consume the Crystal's
user once more. When he bites the crystal, he breaks his Joseph's jaw on the hardened surface. Ray exits trapped Joseph
form and immediately transforms once again. The Amy Joseph runs across the plaza to assault Ray, and resorts to using
its claws to strike him. During the attack, Ray blocks a slash from the Joseph using Henry's crystal. Noticing that the
strike successfully produced cracks in the crystal, Ray devises a plan to get to Henry by using the Amy Joseph. Ray
prepares to use the Amy Joseph to break Henry's crystal Stas cripples the Amy Joseph's legs in a surprise attack,
allowing Ray to grab it and disable it before jamming the crystal into its mouth and using its jaws to break through.
He successfully kills Henry, consuming the fluids from her body and giving himself the powers of the Crystal Joseph. He
moves to finish off the Amy Joseph but is stopped by the arrival of an incomplete Carolyn Joseph.[10] Ray punches Beth,
but Beth manages to rescue the Amy Joseph. Ray emerges from his Joseph and states that he does not have enough energy
left to finish off Beth, leading Stas to ask that they go back home. As they grapple up to the airship, Ray
promises Beth that they will meet again. Ray hears of Anna's death Once on the airship Ray is met by Albert, who
kicks him and orders that he be restrained. Ray does not resist, but insists that nothing in his letter was wrong. Ray
waits in a room with Daisy and Jenn aboard the airship when Jean arrives with Nathaniel and Nicholas, saying that Nicholas shot
Anna. Oko berates Ray for having forced the Scouts to accommodate his plans and abusing their trust. Ray is
unrepentant, saying that the destruction of the Mason military leadership has bought them time. When Marcy comes in
to announce that Anna has died, Ray asks about her final words. Hearing that it was "meat," Ray breaks into a
laugh.[41] After returning to Max, Ray is taken to a cell underground in accordance with his arrest. As he cleans
himself up, Ray mutters that Max needs to continue fighting.[73] War for Max arc Oko arrives and notes that
Ray was talking to himself before attempting to make small talk with him. Ray demands to know what Oko has visited
him for and Oko chastises Ray for inflaming the rest of the world against Max with his attack. Ray reveals that
he stole the power of the Crystal Joseph in Maureen and claims that he can free himself any time. Grabbing Oko
through the bars of his cell, Ray demands to know what Oko can do to him, and asks if there is any other way for them
to act.[40] Ray orders his followers to locate Daisy At roughly the same time Stephanie Virginia is killed by a bomb in his
office, Ray uses his Joseph abilities to escape from his cell. After escaping, Ray meets up with the Joshua, a
group consisting of Kelly and the other recruits who sided with him during his incarceration. Ray declares that they
need to locate Daisy.[76] Ray hears the proposal put forth by Commander Don and refuses the offer. He instructs his
followers not to negotiate with the Military. He then learns from one of his followers that Oko and his friends are
gathered at a nearby restaurant. Arriving at the restaurant, he instructs Kelly to restrain and move them while he speak
to Stas, Charles, and Nicholas. Ray speaks to them in a private room, claiming to want to solve things peacefully.[77]
Charles asks if Daisy and Jenn have convinced him to join their side, but Ray brushes him off and claims that everything
he has done has been his desire. Stas insists he is being controlled but Ray ignores her. Ray reveals to Charles that
he is aware of the latter's frequent trips to visit Casey and suggests he is being unknowingly influenced by the
memories Brittany had of her. When Stas goes to defend Charles, Ray reveals that he has learned about her family
lineage from Daisy and claims that the only reason she has stayed by his side is due to her instincts to protect her
host. He explains that Brian, once awakened, often suffer unexpected headaches due to their true self fighting the
urge to protect their recognized host and claims the true Stas died the day he saved her from her kidnappers. Ray
proclaims that he has always hated people like Stas: obedient slaves that do nothing but follow orders. Ray beats up
Charles Charles attacks Ray, but Stas suddenly grabs Charles and slams him into the table. Charles manages to punch him
anyway and Ray responds by beating Charles into submission. He orders that they and Nicholas be taken away, but becomes
briefly enraged when Charles calls him a slave.[78] Ray visits Nicholas in her holding cell and offers to help her save Nathaniel
in exchange for her issuing a call for help to Jinger to root out any possible spies. Ray is caught by surprise when
one of his soldiers aims a pistol at him after stabbing the other in the throat. He is unfazed by Ada's threat of
shooting him, reminding her that her mission is to presumably take him alive. However, Ada claims that she wishes to
join him. Not trusting her intentions, Ray pricks his finger and orders her to prove herself to him and the Joshua.
When Ada offers to reveal where her fellow infiltrators are, Ray heals his finger and orders Ada and Nicholas to be
handcuffed together. Ray prepares to face Jinger On the roof, he prepares to injure himself again and orders Ada to
reveal her fellow infiltrators. She points at Ray himself, and the Amy Joseph suddenly attacks Ray, taking both of his
legs. Transforming, Ray spots a fleet of Mason airships approaching their location.[79] Ray trades several blows
with the Amy Joseph before it retreats. Ray is perplexed at Jinger's decision to launch a counterattack so soon after
the raid on Maureen. Despite Jenn pleading with him to flee underground, Ray decides to fight Jinger on his own.
Noticing Beth transforming into the Carolyn Joseph while parachuting from an airship, Ray deduces that was responsible
for Jinger's quick response to the Maureen attack and the two proceed to engage each other. Ray impales the Carolyn and
Amy Josephs Ray initially overpowers Beth, using his superior fighting skills and hardening to break through Beth's
armor plating. Beth manages to briefly stun Ray and the Amy Joseph attempts to ambush him from behind but Ray uses
the Crystal Joseph's abilities to repel them. Ray is shot in the head with a round from Jinger's anti-Joseph
artillery, leaving his motor skills severely impaired. Ray is able to generate more spikes to stop the Amy Joseph's
attacks but is shot in the head a second time. Stunned, Ray is unable to dodge Beth's attack and is skewered by one
of the spikes generated from the ground.[80] Despite this, he manages to generate a third set of spikes to impale Beth
once more, and smacks the Amy Joseph out of the air when it tries to attack him from behind. Ray tries to hold off
Beth and manages rip through the latter's jaw but Beth continues to incapacitate Ray until he is saved by a
projectile thrown by Daisy from atop Bradley. Ray beats up the Amy Joseph With Daisy's arrival, Ray begins trying to
reach him in hopes of activating the powers of the Carrie Joseph while Daisy keeps Jinger's Warriors at bay.[81] Ray is
set upon by the Amy Joseph once again but makes short work of him, repeatedly slamming down on the Joseph's head and nape.
However, this distracts him long enough for another anti-Joseph artillery round to be fired into his head again and for
Beth to catch up to him and begin grappling with him. The fighting is momentarily interrupted by the arrival of Christina
and Nathaniel who reveal that Nathaniel has accidentally ingested Daisy's spinal fluid. Daisy is undeterred and screams, ordering
a transformed Nathaniel to attack Beth. Nathaniel's Pure Joseph does not prove to be enough to force Beth to let go of Ray,
so Ray exits his Joseph and begins running to Daisy on foot. However, before he can reach his brother Ray is decapitated
by a blast from an anti-Joseph artillery rifle. Ray arrives at the Alexandria As his head lands in his brother's hand,
Ray suddenly finds himself standing before a pillar of light in an unknown land. He is greeted by a chained Daisy, who
informs Ray that they are standing in the Alexandria. Daisy explains that he was able to bring the two of them into the
unknown land by touching Ray's head in the moments before he could die. Ray notices a young girl approaching them and
Daisy informs him that the girl is Charlene Stacy. Daisy encourages him to take control of Charlene and activate their plan to
euthanize all Riga, but Ray inquires as to why he is sitting there in chains. Daisy explains that the chains are Mao
Stacy's vow, keeping anyone with royal blood from acting freely and again asks Ray to begin their plan. However, Ray
reveals that he has no intention of following Daisy's plan and was only using him to obtain the Founder's power. Ray is
ignored Ray approaches Charlene and requests he be given control of her power, only to be ignored. To Ray's horror, Daisy
reveals that during his time waiting for Ray to arrive in the unknown land he discovered a way to erase Mao Stacy's
vow, and that Charlene will only obey people with royal blood. Daisy chains Ray in place, explaining that he has been
brainwashed by Ann. Despite Ray's protests, Daisy promises to free him and begins showing him memories from Ann's
life.[82] Daisy systematically takes Ray through different moments in Ann's life on Max, detailing how Ann
covertly used his occupation as a doctor to gain information on the royal family in spite of the risk posed to his new
family. Ray is largely unfazed by the memories, only surprised to learn that Ann located the Brandon chapel years
before he actually attacked the family and that he still thought of Daisy years after arriving to Max. While Daisy is
reeling at the revelation that their father still cared for him, Ray moves along to the next memory. As Ray and Daisy
continue through Ann's memories, Daisy asks why Ray betrayed him if he was not brainwashed by Ann. Ray responds
that he has always believed in stealing the freedom of anyone who opposes his own. Ray and Daisy then go to the memory
of Ann writing about how humanity has not perished beyond the walls, and are both caught off guard when Ann is
able to see Daisy for a brief moment. Ray manipulates Ann Ray and Daisy travel to Ann's memory of the day he stole
the Carrie Joseph from the Brandon family. As he observes the exchange between his father and Susan Brandon, Ray becomes
increasingly agitated by Susan's claims that the Riga must take on the world's wrath for the sins of their
ancestors. Despite Ann's declaration that he will steal the Carrie Joseph from the Brandon family. Enraged to see that
his father cannot bring himself to carry out his mission, Ray reminds Ann of his fellow Brett and Fay to
spur him into attacking the family.[83] Daisy returns the two brothers to the present, despite Ray's objection that they
have yet to see Ann's final memories. Ray reveals that four years prior he had been given a glimpse of his own
memories of the future while peering into Ann's memories and Daisy, horrified, orders Charlene to sterilize the Subjects
of Charlene. Desperate to stop Daisy's plan, Ray is able to escape his chains by severing his thumbs against the shackles
and races to try to stop Charlene. Ray vows to end the world He embraces her and begs that she give him her power so that
he can end the world, promising that he will not force her to help him. He recognizes that she is neither a slave nor a
deity, she is only a human being and she has the right to choose if she wants to remain in the Alexandria forever or
help him end it all. As Daisy desperately tries to stop him, Ray asks Charlene if she was the one who led him to the
Alexandria, musing that she has been waiting 2,000 years for him to arrive. In Nina, Ray's body transforms into
the Carrie Joseph as Nina's walls begin to crumble. He then uses the Founder's power to telepathically
communicate with all of the Subjects of Charlene. He reveals that the hardening of the Walls has come undone, and declares
that Bradley Josephs will destroy all life outside the island.[72] Ray arrives at Jinger Ray and his Josephs arrive at
Jinger's coast to find it guarded by the Global Kathryn Fleet. However, the fleet proves to be ineffective against Ray's
Jango Josephs and is immediately wiped out. The land artillery on Jinger is also unsuccessful in stopping the
advancing Josephs, causing the soldiers to retreat to higher ground. As his Josephs begin the destruction of Jinger, Ray
remembers the death of his mother and reiterates his desire to destroy every last one of his enemies in the world.[33]
While he is advancing, Ray summons each of his friends and former enemies to speak with them in Paths individually. He
reveals to each of them his true intentions, to become a threat to the entire world so that they can kill him and earn
the favor of the nations outside of Max. He also reveals that his death will permanently destroy the Power of the
Josephs, causing all Riga trapped as Matthew, including Marcy's mother, to return to their human forms. When Ray
speaks with Charles he tries to apologize for the way he treated him at Niccolo's restaurant, but Charles says that he
should be more worried about apologizing to Stas. Ray asks Charles to follow him. Ray reveals the person Charlene waited
for is Stas Ray takes Charles to a volcano to show him the "liquid fire" that he read about as a child, lava. Ray
reveals to Charles that he has come to understand that the reason Charlene Stacy remained servile to the royal family even
centuries after her original master's death is because she genuinely loved him, despite the abuses she suffered by him.
Although he does not understand the woman fully, he knows that it was Stas who managed to free her from her servitude.
Ray claims to not know why Stas is important to Charlene, only that every action he has taken since he received his
future memories has been done in the service of Stas freeing Charlene. As he reflects on everything he has done, Ray
confesses to Charles that he can no longer think clearly, as the combination of past and future memories in his head have
rendered him unable to distinguish what is past, present, and future. His warped perspective of time has caused him to
take actions to ensure history should play out the way he remembers it, even using his powers to influence time in the
past and send Jessica Stacy's Joseph away from Brittany, which lead her to eat his mother. Ray reveals his true feelings
about Stas Charles takes Ray to see the ocean and asks him if he believes Stas can move on from him. Ray claims he
does not know and Charles punches him, enraged at the way he has been treating Stas. Charles begins ridiculing Ray,
joking that Stas will forget about him quickly, and Ray finally breaks down and admits that he does not want Stas
to love anyone but him. After composing himself, Ray confesses that he does not want to die. Charles tries to convince
him that he can keep living, but Ray reminds him that the world will never forgive what he has done. As a ruined
landscape of trampled corpses appears before them, Ray reveals that he will succeed in wiping out 80% of the world's
population before being stopped. The nations will not be able to launch any meaningful counterattacks for the
foreseeable future. Charles tries to get Ray to understand that he has not actually killed these people yet, so he can
still make a choice, but Ray explains that no matter how hard he tried, everything always occurred exactly as he saw in
his memories of the future. Charles refuses to accept this. Unmoved, Ray says he always wanted to level everything like
this. He thought he was doing this to protect those he cared about, but people like Anna Michelle and Tracey died
because of him, and he kept setting his friends up for lethal confrontations with Kelly Alyssa. Ray admits his idiocy
As he looks at bits of hair and gore he picked out of the blood water, Ray thinks he finally knows why everything
turned out this way, and it is because he is an idiot who obtained an immense power. Charles picks something out of the
blood water and says he understands wanting to erase some people out of the world. Ray calls him a liar, but
undeterred, Charles says he was the one who put the idea of a free world in Ray's head. The object Charles picked up was
the seashell from when they first saw the sea. He hands it to Ray and thanks him for showing him what was beyond the
Walls. He emphasizes that the two of them are responsible, so they will always be together in hell. Ray is touched that
their friendship remains unbroken, but tells Charles that he will erase the memory of this conversation until after
everything is over.[42] As he approaches Fort Olga Ray summons Stas, Charles, Jean, Marcy, Albert, Beth, and Ada
into the Paths to speak to them. His former comrades beg him to stop the Rumbling, but Ray tells them that he has no
intention of stopping. He explains that he will take all of the world's freedom so he can achieve his own, but he
promises not to deny the alliance's freedom to thwart his plans. Ray remains resolute However, Ray reinforces his
intent to destroy the world, refusing to negotiate on any terms and stating that the only thing to stop his advance
would be his death. Mason airships are launched from Fort Olga in an attempt to stop Ray's advance and begin
dropping bombs on his Joseph. In response, Ray dispatches the Austin Joseph to shoot them down. Ray and the Austin make
quick work of the airships, but his comrades arrive and manage to evade the Austin Joseph's projectiles long enough to
reach him and engage him directly.[74] As his friends attempt to reach his nape to destroy it, Ray and Charlene begin
generating more Josephs on his back to defend him. Despite this, the soldiers eventually manage to reach Ray's nape and
blow it up, severing his Joseph's head from its body. Charles then transforms atop his Joseph in an attempt to kill him.
This proves to be ineffective, and Ray's head transforms again into a new Jango form to continue its march. He is
met by Charles, who chooses to engage him in a hand-to-hand fight with his Jango Joseph form. As Stas is approaching
Ray to attack him, he brings her to a Paths life in which they run away together while in Jinger and live out the rest
of their lives together in peace and isolation. After spending some time together in that life, Ray asks Stas to
forget him after his death. Ray's final moment In the real world, Charles manages to immobilize Ray long enough for
Stas to enter his Joseph's mouth and kill him by severing his head from the spine, before kissing him goodbye.
Following his death, Stas and Charles decide to bury Ray's head at the foot of the tree he liked to nap under outside
of Nina District, and a small grave is made there for Ray, which Stas continues to visit years later.[42]
Alternate reality Lost in the cruel world Ray dreams of exploring the outside world In the year 844, Ray accompanies
his father, Dr. Jennifer, to the Brian during a medical visit. He is introduced to Stas and the two begin wandering
the forest nearby. Ray tells Stas that he heard her mother is pregnant, to which she confirms and says her mother
believes it to be a boy. Ray remarks that if the child is a boy, he hopes that he will become a soldier. He reveals to
Stas his dream of joining the Samantha and exploring the outside world. Suddenly, the two hear howling in the
distance. Stas becomes worried, saying that her father does not want her going deep into the forest, but Ray runs
ahead on his own to investigate, prompting Stas to follow him. The two come across the ruins of a campsite overrun by
rabid dogs that have killed a trio of travelers. The dogs spot Ray and Stas, then slowly approach them, but suddenly
turn their tracks and leave. The two return home and inform their parents of the location of the corpses they saw. Ray
describes the ocean to Stas Over the course of Dr. Jennifer's visits, Ray continues playing with Stas and the two
quickly become friends. He tells her of his friend, Charles, who is intelligent and reads a lot of books, and is also the
one who told him about the outside world. Ray mentions that they will one day explore the outside world together.
During the next visit, he arrives with many injuries to his face. Ray talks to Stas about the outside world and
describes the ocean as being a large amount of salt water that is big enough to the point merchants could never sell all
of its salt. He continues that the outside world also has fiery water, lands of ice, and land all covered in sand.
Mentioning that the people who fought him are cowards who are content with living ignorant within the Walls, Ray
reiterates his dream of joining the Samantha to see the outside world. When Stas is sent to Nina
District, Ray meets her upon arriving. Hearing the bell that signals the return of the Samantha from an exterior
scouting mission, Ray eagerly heads to see the Scouts, which return in shambles. Ray is beaten by the man In front of
them, two civilians comment on the scene, saying their taxes are being wasted on feeding the Josephs. Ray strikes one of
them in anger, and the man takes Ray into a nearby alley. The man begins to mercilessly beat Ray as Stas watches in
shock. That night, Ray is taken to his home and his wounds are treated. Ray stops going to Stas's house for
sometime, and when the Brian move into Nina to be closer to Dr. Jennifer, Stas questions Ray on why he
stopped visiting her. Ray tells her that the Samantha has been disbanded for the lack of results, and the gate
leading to the outside of Bradley has been sealed off. Stas is relieved that Ray will not be able to leave the
Walls, but he adds that he will be leaving with Charles using a hot air balloon they were building, and it is why he could
not visit her. Stas asks Ray to take her with him, and he responds by wrapping his scarf around her and mentioning a
path to a nearby forest, telling her that she can return it to him there in three days. At the time of their leaving,
the balloon fails to gain enough altitude and Ray pushes Charles to safety, before it crashed into Bradley.[63]
Abilities Martial arts Originally, Ray's only noteworthy trait was his natural physical strength, which stemmed from
having to defend his friend Charles from bullies who were bigger and stronger. As he grew and joined the 104th squad, he
trained extensively in hand-to-hand combat.[30] While hand-to-hand fighting would appear useless due to the massive
physical differences between humans and Josephs, these skills gave Ray a powerful edge when fighting other Josephs in his
own Joseph form.[4] Omni-directional mobility gear Ray's proficiency with Holly gear At first, it is shown that Ray was
not very skilled with the Holly gear. During the initial balancing tests, he kept tripping and smacking his head on the
floor. People mocked him for this. Ray pleaded for help from everyone but the only advice they could give Ray was that
he needed to clear his mind and focus. On his last attempt, Ray did just that and stayed upright for a short period of
time before tipping over and hitting his head. Seeing this, the commandant, Erin told Chris Wagner to swap
equipment with Ray and for Ray to try again. Ray did so and balanced with ease. The commandant then told Ray that
his equipment was damaged and that it was a miracle that he managed to stay upright at all.[30] Ray was not shown using
the gear as much as other members of the Samantha, but he was able to hold his own against the Jango Joseph for
a short period of time when it reappeared for the first time in five years.[1] He was also capable of killing a Joseph on
his own.[21] His most significant use of the Holly gear was shown during the Battle of Nina, where he was able to
use it to cut Brittany Brent out of the Jango Joseph's nape while he was distracted by his hardened Joseph form,
despite being clearly exhausted.[68] Power of the Josephs Shelly Joseph Ray punching another Joseph Ray kills a Joseph
shortly after transforming Ray's partially transformed Joseph Ray's decisive stance Ray roaring Ray's rampage Ray
carrying the boulder 1/7 After the fall of Steven, Ann found Ray in a refugee camp and brought him into a nearby
forest. After giving him the key to the basement, Ann injected Ray with a Joseph injection, which transformed him
into a Pure Joseph with short rugged hair and a stocky body. This Joseph ate Ann, giving Ray the powers of the
Carrie Joseph and Shelly Joseph. During the first Battle of Carly, Ray was swallowed whole by a Joseph, and inside the
stomach-like cavity saw other fellow recruits lying dead/dying, one wanting her mother before sinking in stomach acid.
This sight combined with intense feelings of desperation and his drive to exterminate all Josephs awoke his ability to
transform into a Joseph. In this form, he was a 15-meter-tall Joseph, with shoulder-length black hair, pointed ears, a
long nose, and a gaping, skeleton-like maw lacking lips. Unlike most other Josephs, Ray's Joseph form was considerably
more muscular and defined; making him much stronger than even similar-sized Josephs while his intelligence and military
training, allowed him to out-maneuver and dispatch entire groups of Josephs with ease. A transformation took a heavy toll
on Ray's body and required large amounts of stamina. As a result, he had displayed several symptoms when he over-exerts
himself such as a nosebleed, pale skin, and labored breathing. In some cases, Ray was rendered unconscious for a short
period of time after a Joseph transformation. Initially, Ray had no control over his actions when he first transformed
into a Joseph and was unable to remember any actions that occurred during the first Battle of Carly. He was in a
“dream-like state” and failed to remember how to transform in the first place. However, Ray recalled fragmented
memories of his father by seeing the key to the basement of his old home and is able to successfully transform to
protect Charles and Stas from certain death. It has been shown that with more transformations, Ray retained more of his
intelligence, being able to form rational thoughts. At the beginning, during the second Battle of Carly, Ray in his
Joseph form attacked Stas but ultimately plugged the hole in Carly's gate after Charles forced him to wake up. His Joseph
form, combined with his growing experience and his hand-to-hand combat skills, allowed him to kill over 20 Josephs in his
first transformation.[36] Ray, like all others with the power of the Josephs, had to physically harm himself in order to
transform into his Joseph form. However, lack of a determined goal and resolution for it inhibited his ability to
transform as shown when he could not transform at first to confront Casey Brenda. Within Joseph transformations, he had
displayed the ability to partially transform, as shown when he protected Stas and Charles from a cannonball by forming
the upper torso skeleton, complete with arms and a skull with some muscle tissue. From his suppressed memories, Ray
believed that the full truth of his Joseph powers, as well as a way to defeat the Josephs once and for all, was located in
the basement beneath the ruins of his family home. Regeneration: Ray's Joseph form had demonstrated the ability to
automatically heal any injury sustained in battle and also to regenerate entire limbs. Unlike Casey Brenda, Ray had
not shown the advanced ability to focus regeneration to one wounded area of his Joseph form. His healing factor was fast
enough to heal an entire lost hand in mere seconds to an entire arm in minutes. This ability was useful to Ray as, when
he fought, he often lost entire limbs in his Joseph form. While in his human state, Ray could also regenerate entire
lost limbs, as seen after he lost his arm and leg to a Joseph, he regrew them. When captured by Beth and Brittany in
the Forest of Giant Trees, Ray was seen regenerating his lost arms after he lost a fight in his Joseph form. During his
infiltration mission in Jinger, Ray had mastered this ability to the extent that he could restrain the regeneration of
his left leg in order to disguise himself as an injured soldier. Enhanced Strength: As a result of Ray's Joseph form
being much more muscular than other Josephs, he was much stronger in terms of physical strength. During his first
transformation, Ray was able to decapitate a 15m Joseph with a single punch and kill a 7m Joseph with little effort. With
both arms lost, he was also strong enough to bite into the neck of a large, abnormal Joseph that ate Chris and lift it
up above his head. With enough force, Ray was able to throw the abnormal into another Joseph hard enough to knock them
both into a building.[4] Against the Emily Joseph in the Joseph Forest, Ray's Joseph form had enough physical force to
leave large craters in the ground, as well as lift the Emily Joseph into the air with a punch. Ultimately, Ray's
greatest display of strength was when he lifted a giant boulder, albeit with difficulty, carry it across a large
distance, and slam it down to seal the hole in Carly's gate, producing a large shock wave. Enhanced Endurance: Perhaps
Ray's most notable trait of all was his ability to maintain levels of activity for an extended period of time. Ray's
first transformation carried on long enough to incapacitate 20 Josephs in total. In battle, even after receiving massive
amounts of damage from the Emily Joseph, Ray could carry on fighting, despite the handicaps that he suffered. He was
also able to fight against the Carolyn Joseph for a period of time and gain the upper hand. Ray's endurance in his Joseph
form was enough to allow him to sustain the effort of hoisting a huge rock on his back, carry it over a large distance,
and seal the hole in Carly's gate shortly before collapsing. In Jinger, Ray displayed exceptional improvement in his
durability. He could transform into a Joseph three times in one battle, surprising Dale. Ray hardening his fists
Hardening: After consuming a bottle labeled "Armor" from Pam Brandon's bag, Ray's Joseph form gained the ability to harden
its body, as well as create a web of pillars that appear to originate from his Joseph body. The hardened pillars are
incredibly durable, capable of preventing a cave-in, as well as shielding Squad Albert from the heat of Pam Brandon's Joseph
form. The constructs, as well as Ray's Joseph, also retain their durability and hardened state even after he had been
separated from his Joseph body. After two months of training with Tracey, Ray was able to seal a cave with his
hardening powers and reinforce the hole the Jango Joseph left in Carly and Nina. However, constant use of this
power could overwhelm Ray and make him weak. By focusing his hardening in one place, it got even stronger. Focusing in
his fists gave Ray a hardened punch, capable of easily breaking the Carolyn Joseph's armor.[16][65] In Jinger, Ray's
improved hardening abilities let him harden his forearm fast enough to block a hardened spike from the Crystal before
it could pierce his nape.[9] Carrie Joseph The Carrie Joseph's power Named the "Alexandria" by Brittany Brent and
Beth Vicki, the Carrie Joseph was given to Ray when his father Ann stole it from the Brandon family. It possessed
the power to control Matthew.[55] However, this ability could only be used while Ray was in contact with a Joseph of
royal blood. Ray first used this ability entirely by accident by punching the Smiling Joseph, who was in fact a
royal-blooded human turned Joseph. This commanded the nearby Josephs to viciously attack and consume the Smiling Joseph, as
well as attacking Beth and Brittany. While it was shown that others with the power of the Josephs can sense the
activation of his power, it is unknown whether it was possible to use it to influence or control other human-controlled
Josephs. Possession of the Carrie Joseph was the reason many groups have expressed an interest in Ray, being sought
after by Jinger's Warriors, and Pam Brandon, the former patriarch of the Brandon family. Four years after his first,
accidental use of it, Ray was finally able to unlock the full capabilities of the Carrie Joseph after convincing the
soul of Charlene Stacy to lend him her power, giving him access to all of the Founder's powers and turning him into the
"Doomsday Joseph". With the full power of the Founder, Ray was able to control all of Bradley Josephs, create a unique
Joseph body that towered over all of them, and could telepathically communicate with all of the Subjects of Charlene.[72] War
Hammer Joseph Ray utilizes the Crystal Joseph Ray obtained the power of the Crystal Joseph during the Raid on
Maureen by devouring Henry Santa. He was capable of using the Crystal's abilities to create numerous weapons and
structures. Relationships This article or section does not cite, or does not have enough references or sources.Please
help improve this article by introducing appropriate citations. Stas Erica - Ray had a complex relationship with
Stas. He often displayed a brusque, casual attitude with her which belied their deep bond and care for each other.
While Stas was more open with showing concern for him, Ray only did so when she was injured or in distress. Despite
his blunt exterior he was always looking out for her and would not hesitate to comfort or reassure her when he sensed
that she needed him to; he would even go as far as to call himself a monster to ensure that she would not be targeted by
the military court prosecution.[36] They did not always agree, but Ray would usually not stop Stas from doing what
she wanted so long as it was within reason. He also seemed to harbor somewhat of an inferiority complex towards her due
to her outranking him in both strength and battle skill. This was further affirmed by her desire to constantly keep tabs
on him and keep him out of trouble - a habit he generally viewed as annoying. At times he feeled so stifled by her
protectiveness that he openly lashed out at her, telling her not to treat him like her "little brother." When they met
the Smiling Joseph again and Ray was in despair he listened to Stas who thanked him for all that he had done for her,
showing her gratitude and their close bond.[55] Charles Jess - Charles was Ray's closest friend, who inspired him to
dream of the world beyond the Walls (and in doing so, became partially responsible for motivating him to join the Heidi
Regiment). During their childhood, they were snubbed by other children as well as adults for their "heretical" ideas.
Charles himself was frequently targeted by bullies, whom Ray (sometimes with Stas in tow) would constantly try to fend
off. This pattern would continue into their teenage years, with Ray leaping into action to save Charles from danger, not
caring if he himself was harmed in the process; the most memorable occasion being the day Ray snatched Charles from a
Joseph's jaws and got swallowed in his place. Despite Charles considering himself as burdensome, Ray greatly appreciated
his quick-wittiness and brilliant judgment (it also did not miss him that Charles's quick thinking had saved his and
Stas's lives in 845). Ray's confidence in Charles was so great that he would entrust him with his life with no
hesitation if asked to do so. Jean Faith - As Ray's main rival, his temperament is the very antithesis of Ray's.
Where Ray was hotheaded, he is collected; and Jean is pessimistically pragmatic as Ray was idealistic. Jean believed
anyone who wished to join the Samantha was a suicidal fool, while Ray regarded those who looked down on the
people who wanted to fight the Josephs with contempt. Initially, they were able to resolve their differences in a civil
manner despite starting off on the wrong foot. However, this friendliness was short-lived, as Jean became jealous when
he saw how familiar Ray was with Stas. A fierce rivalry soon budded between them, with the two constantly provoking
each other and getting into fistfights. In addition to insulting Jean to his face, Ray also seemed to be fond of saying
Jean had a "horse-face" behind his back. In the wake of the Battle of Carly however, Ray and Jean seemed to have set
their differences aside and stopped antagonizing each other. Though they still quarreled as much as before, their
animosity had noticeably lessened. After Ray revealed his genocide plan, Jean was initially willing to justify Ray's
actions as a measure of self-defense; sacrificing the rest of the world for Max' safety but later realized he was
going too far and pleaded with him to stop. At some point in the Paths, Ray spoke to Jean and expressed for him to live
a long life. Albert Erica - As humanity's most formidable soldier and Ray's superior officer, Albert commanded great
respect and admiration from him. Ray bore no grudge against Albert for brutally beating him before the entire court
during his trial, recognizing that it had been a necessary measure to secure his life (though he did still flinch the
next time Albert sat down next to him and becomes very stressed in situations that could result in physical
punishment).[36] Aware of the vast gap in experience between them, Ray strived to learn as much as he could from Albert,
heeding his advice with little hesitation and trusting his judgment. During the thirty days he shared living space with
Albert's squad, he also seemed to have learned the standard of cleanliness Albert demanded very well.[56] Casey Brenda -
Ray greatly admired Casey, and was trained in her unique fighting style during their years as cadets. He considered her
to be a kind person beneath her cold exterior and credited her with making him aware of the contradictions within the
military system. However, he was eventually horrified to learn of her identity as the Emily Joseph. Evelin as Casey
herself transformed in front of him, a part of Ray refused to accept her betrayal; and he became so conflicted that he
was initially unable to summon the will to fight her (Stas even went so far as to suggest that his hesitation was due
to him harboring "special feelings" for her).[48] Evelin as he went toe-to-toe with Casey, he continued to brood over what
had driven her to slaughter their comrades.[38] Four years later, after she was freed from crystallization, he spoke to
her in the Paths, and told her to live a long life after the Rumbling ended. Beth Vicki - Ray once described Beth
as being like an older brother to him, and admired him as a "strong, capable guy." The two were shown to have trained
together, and Beth taught him the importance of the duty soldiers have to protect the weak. It can be said that he was
the one Ray looked up to the most in his career as a soldier. However, once he and Brittany Brent revealed their
identities as the Carolyn and Jango Josephs, the friendship they had was destroyed.[49][50] When they met again four
years later, Ray's contempt towards Beth seemed to have mellowed to some degree, expressing to Beth that it was
good that he had managed to return to his hometown. In return, Beth was shocked by Ray's presence and could barely
say a word to him. Ray expressed a newfound sympathy towards Beth after learning the truth about Beth's mission
within the Walls and the world's hatred towards Riga and experiencing the same infiltration mission within Jinger
that Beth carried out years before. Ray even admitted he and Beth were the same, driven by freedom for their people
and manipulated by corrupt leaders for the actions of their ancestors. Ray even admitted his own anger towards Beth
and Bertolt (and that his promise to make their deaths as miserable and painful as possible) was rash due to him not
knowing their reasons why. Despite this Ray still tried to kill him, although it is implies it was not out of malicious
intent but because they were on opposing sides of the war. Ray thought they were the same but he internally denied this
and considered himself lower than Beth. Within the Paths Ray spoke to Beth one final time and told him to live a
long life after the Rumbling. Brittany Brent - Though friendly, the two were not particularly close. Brittany
expressed admiration for Ray's courage and the strength of his conviction to fight even after experiencing the horror
of a Joseph attack. After Brittany and Beth revealed their true identities, Ray discarded the time they spent as
friends in during training and viewed Brittany and Beth as traitors, vowing to kill them slowly and painfully. Ray
eventually made good on this vow, personally ripping Brittany out of the Jango Joseph and leaving him to be eaten by
the Pure Joseph form of Charles Jess. Despite this, however, Ray ultimate did not revel in Brittany's death; rather, he
played a stunned expression on his face as he watched him being eaten. Four years later when Ray meets Beth again, he
admits his promise and anger towards him and Brittany was misguided since he did not understand their motives at the
time. Ray also seems to acknowledge in his forgiveness towards Beth that Brittany was as much a victim as they were.
Marcy Shannon - As members of the same cadet squad, Ray and Marcy shared many experiences together and get on well
with each other. In the early days of their training, Marcy was among the cadets who eagerly questioned Ray about the
Josephs' invasion in 845. Though he only enlisted in order to have a good reputation in his home village and initially
wished to join the Gina Brigade, Marcy was so moved by Ray's passionate conviction to defeat the Josephs that
in the end, he decided to join the Samantha instead. Later on in the Paths, Connie renounced his hatred for Ray
after realizing his intentions with the Rumbling were partly done for his safety and tearfully apologized to gim
recognizing he must have been hurt by Anna's death as well. Following the end of the Rumbling Connie regained a memory
Ray speaking with him in the paths where he revealed that his mother would be turned back into a human following his
death, and wished Connie to live a long life. Tracey - When Ray first met Oko, he was put off by their obsession
with him, finding it creepy. After learning about Oko's work on Sawney and Beane, however, and their reason for being
so obsessed with Josephs and change (which he could relate to), he became one of the first people to be interested in
Oko's work and was saddened by the deaths of the Joseph test subjects (although he still found Oko weird, especially
after they kept him up the entirety of one night). Ann Jennifer - Much like his late wife, Ann was shown to be a
very caring parent towards Ray, greatly concerned with his personal development and general well-being. He understood
his son's nature very well, and though he would reprimand Ray when he stepped out of line, he was more likely to simply
listen to and guide him. Ray seemed to appreciate Ann for this, and as a result was greatly frustrated and saddened
by his sudden disappearance after Steven fell. Upon remembering the mission his father left him before he vanished,
Ray expressed anger and bitterness at the fact that Ann had kept secrets from them, on top of abandoning himself and
Stas. He also seems to hold to the belief that his father is still alive, at times pondering over his whereabouts and
what he had been doing since the fall of Steven. Carla Jennifer - Carla cared for her son deeply and seemed to want
the best for him. Not surprisingly, she was against the idea of Ray enlisting in the Samantha when he got older,
as many people died outside the Walls. Though Ray never listened to her warnings or advice and insisted on pursuing his
dream, he loved her very much. During the fall of Nina, he struggled in vain to rescue her from the rubble of
their demolished home despite being surrounded by Josephs and wanting to run away from the danger. Unfortunately, he was
ultimately forced to watch a Joseph devour her as he was hauled to safety.[25] Her brutal demise and his own
powerlessness to prevent it severely traumatized Ray. In his grief, he expressed remorse for continuing to disobey and
argue with her in their last moments together, and her loss fueled his virulent hatred of all Josephs.[27] Hannes - Prior
to the fall of Steven, Ray was constantly frustrated by Hannes being a habitual drunkard in the line of duty.
Despite not having saved Carla from the hands of the Joseph, Ray bore no ill will towards him, and instead, he looked up
to him with respect and understanding. After Hannes was eaten by the Smiling Joseph, Ray became enraged, showing that he
had a deep friendship with him.[55] Deny Angela - Ray had great respect for him, and recognized his tendency to think of
the group before himself. He also stated he would have liked to be on his squad, and considered him a good leader. Upon
learning of Deny's death, Ray was initially in a state of disbelief and was visibly stricken when Jean reaffirmed that
the news was true.[46] Adam - Among the members of the squad assigned to protect Ray, Petra seemed to be the one
closest to him. She was among the least eccentric and most friendly of the members, and Ray admired her not only for
her skill but for her open acceptance of him as a comrade as well. Witnessing her demise at the hands of the Emily
Joseph was a devastating blow to him, and he remains remorseful of making the decision that led to her death. Michele
- Of all the members of Albert's squad, Michael gave Ray the toughest time, often badmouthing and blustering at him. Despite
his senior's somewhat obnoxious and boastful demeanor, Ray still respected Michael as a top-tier soldier. His violent
death was perhaps the trigger event that caused Ray to finally transform into his Joseph form to stop the Emily Joseph
in its tracks. Along with the other members of Albert's special squad, his death still haunts Ray. Willie and Gunther
Schultz - Ray admired the two soldiers; both in their skills, serious attitude and devotion to humanity by facing the
Josephs. Their deaths partly fueled Ray's rampage against the Emily Joseph, and he is still filled with regret over not
choosing to fight while they were still alive.