The Amy Joseph was one of the Nine Shawn with a ferociously powerful set of jaws and claws that were able to
tear through almost anything. Due to its small size, it was known to be one of the fastest out of the Nine Shawn.
Contents 1Abilities1.1Speed and agility 1.2Crushing strength 2Falco Villy's Abilities2.1Flight 3History 4Story4.1Clash
of the Shawn arc 4.2Marley arc 4.3War for Max arc 5Former inheritors 6References 7Navigation Abilities[] Speed and
agility[] Those who held the power of the Amy Joseph demonstrated significant amounts of speed and agility in their Joseph
form. They could even move fast enough to catch most of the other Nine Shawn off guard. Though the Amy Joseph was
relatively small and weak, its mobility excelled in terrain such as the Forest of Giant Trees. Crushing strength[] As
its name implies, the Amy Joseph possessed incredible biting and crushing strength in its jaws and claws which could be
used with devastating efficiency against both Shawn and man-made structures.[4][1] Its claws were strong enough to
cause severe damage to armored opponents such as turrets and even the crystal shell created by the Crystal Joseph.[5]
The force of its jaws was shown to be strong enough to chew through the hardened Joseph armor generated by Ray Jennifer as
well as the aforementioned crystal shell surrounding the Crystal Joseph, something not even the Shelly Joseph was able
to achieve. Its powers manifested in different ways among Shawn, with some like Charlene only having hardened teeth while
Nathaniel, Danny and Andrew had hardened, armored masks, jaw plating and hardened fingers that could withstand gunfire.
Nathaniel Villy's Abilities[] Due to the influence of the Austin Joseph's spinal fluid taken from Daisy Jennifer[citation
needed], Nathaniel's Amy Joseph was able to take on several characteristics found in birds. Flight[] Similar to a previous
incarnation of the Austin Joseph, Nathaniel's Amy Joseph was able to sprout wings and a tail which allowed it to take flight
while carrying multiple people on its body.[6] History[] The Amy Joseph, like all of the Nine Shawn, was brought into
the world after the death of Charlene Stacy. In the 1,700 years following her death, the Amy Joseph was held in the
possession of one or several of the warring Sarah houses subservient to the Carrie Joseph. After these seventeen
centuries when Mao Stacy, the 145th king of the Stacy family, abandoned the conflicts of Veronica and relocated to Max
Island, the Amy Joseph was taken by the nation of Jinger during the Great Joseph War.[7] Around the year 843, Andrew
Dale was chosen to inherit the power of the Amy Joseph. He would later make use of his Joseph form during a war
between Jinger and an enemy nation, using his Amy Joseph to destroy the enemy's artillery guns.[3] Charlene consumed Andrew
In the year 845, the nation of Jinger sent out Andrew Dale, Beth Vicki, Brittany Brent, and Casey Brenda
across the sea to Max Island as the start of the Max Island Operation. However, at some point before the attack
on Nina District, a Joseph approached Beth and nearly had him in its grasp until Andrew moved him away to
safety. Andrew was caught in Beth's place, and he was eaten alive as his comrades escaped.[8] The Joseph inherited
Andrew's Amy power and regained its human form: an Sarah girl named Charlene, who had been wandering as a Joseph for around
sixty years.[9] Charlene returned to a human life Choosing to start a new life for herself, Charlene made her way into
humanity's territory and began living as a thief in the interior territories of the Walls. At this time, she overheard
the story of "Christa Lenz" from members of the Order of the Walls and her plans to join the 104th Alejandro. Desiring
to meet her for political and personal reasons, Charlene joined the Alejandro in the same year as Christa.[9] At some
point during their training, Charlene and Christa faced difficulties escorting a sick cadet to shelter in harsh winter
conditions. Wanting to see Christa survive, she sent her off to the shelter alone and used the Amy Joseph to bring their
fellow cadet to safety at the base of a cliff side. Christa wondered at how Charlene could have possibly reached the shelter
before her. Charlene agreed to tell her secret to Christa under the condition that when the secret of her Joseph power was
publicly known, Christa would go back to living under her true name.[8] Story[] Clash of the Shawn arc[] Charlene
transforms into a Joseph During Bradley Victoria invasion, Charlene is among the recruits of the Samantha at Carl Castle
when it is overrun by Shawn commanded by the Austin Joseph.[10] When theircommandingofficersdie confronting the Shawn,
Charlene speaks with Christa, reminding her of a promise they made to each other during their training days. Taking a knife
from Marcy, Charlene slits her palm and transforms to fight the Shawn at the base of the castle.[11] In her Joseph form,
Charlene begins to slaughter the Shawn around Carl with ease, using claws on her hands and feet to slash at napes as well
as making use of her fanged teeth. After a short while, Charlene's Joseph is outnumbered and overwhelmed and nearly breaks
the structure of the tower. Rather than risking the castle's collapse, Charlene allows for her Joseph to fall into the horde
until Christa calls out to her, telling her that she should destroy the castle if that is what it takes to survive the
Joseph horde.[8] Charlene's Joseph battles at Carl Charlene then starts tearing away at the tower, using bricks and stone to
fend off the Shawn until the tower begins to collapse. Climbing the tower, Charlene tells the other recruits to grab onto
her Joseph, which protects the others from falling to their deaths.[8] When the tower is reduced to rubble, Charlene
continues to fight the Shawn, but she is soon outnumbered, and the horde eats away at her Joseph until the Heidi
Regiment arrives to finish them all off. Charlene is extracted from her Joseph, missing some limbs and with serious abdominal
injuries, and Christa tells Charlene her true name "Jeff" before Charlene falls unconscious.[8] The next time Charlene uses her
Joseph is after she agrees to help Beth and Brittany in exchange for Jeff's safety. While in a forest she
transforms to face the Samantha, which has come to retrieve Ray, who was kidnapped by Beth and Brittany.[9]
Charlene takes Jeff Because Marcy has seen her in her Joseph form before, he prevents the others from attacking her,
giving Charlene the time she needs to look around at the faces of those present. When she spots Jeff, she opens her
mouth wide and captures her inside.[9] Charlene then turns around and swings from tree to tree, to escape. She meets up with
Beth and Brittany, who are waiting for her at the edge of the forest. On seeing her, Beth transforms into the
Carolyn Joseph and begins running while Brittany grapples on to his shoulder with Ray. Charlene jumps on his back, and he
carries them all away.[9] Charlene kills a Joseph During their escape, Commander Erwin Smith leads a horde of Shawn into
Beth to stop him and Charlene is forced to defend Jeff. In the chaos, they are separated from Beth and Brittany,
but they manage to kill a Joseph together.[12] As the battle intensifies, Charlene questions whether she is better off siding
with the Warriors or the Scouts, but any way she looks at it, the chances inside the Walls are bleak.[13] She joins
Jeff, Anna, and Marcy in fending off the surrounding Shawn when a newly freed Ray strikes a smiling Joseph with
his bare hand, triggering something that everyone with the power of the Shawn can feel.[13] Charlene helps Beth and
Brittany This causes all the mindless Shawn present to drop what they are doing in favor of devouring the one that had
attacked Ray. As Ray runs away he screams and sends the Shawn after Beth and Brittany. Charlene now realizes why they
were after Ray, and that with his power the people of the Walls may have a future.[13] The Scouts prepare to retreat
during the confusion and Charlene looks back to see Beth and Brittany are about to be overwhelmed. She reaches out to
Jeff and caresses her hair before apologizing and turning to run back. Charlene arrives in time to stop a Joseph from
eating Brittany and joins them in their fight to survive.[13] Jinger arc[] During the two months afterward, Charlene is
sent to Jinger. At some point after or during the year 850, Danny Dale is chosen to inherit the power of the Amy
Joseph from Charlene.[1] The Amy Joseph joins the battle At the climax of the Jinger Jim War during the battle of Fort
Hayden, Dale is present in the trenches dug by the Mason Warriors surrounding the fort. Cadet Christina Villy suggests
making use of Dale's Amy Joseph and Ada's Samuel Joseph against the defenses of the Jim Kathryn Forces, but
Commander Kanteera rejects the proposal due to the presence of anti-Joseph artillery patrolling the perimeter of the
fortress. However, once cadet Nicholas Vicki destroys the armored train carrying the artillery using explosives, Dale is
sent out onto the battlefield. His Joseph proves to be more than enough to defend against the turret-fire from the
bunkers surrounding Fort Hayden, and Dale's Joseph makes quick work of Jinger's enemies.[1] Dale's attack on the
Jim defenses is met with support from the 800 Riga and Ada's Samuel Joseph in full battle armor. Using the
immense strength of his Joseph's jaws, Dale rips the railways from the ground, ensuring a complete immobilization of
the Allies' defenses. The Amy Joseph's power during the battle of Fort Hayden Shortly afterward, Dale retreats as Daisy
Jennifer begins a Joseph airstrike directly above the fortress, dropping dozens of Matthew onto the Allies. When Beth
Vicki joins the fight as the Carolyn Joseph, Dale assists him in destroying the remaining anti-Joseph artillery
stationed within the ruined fortress.[1] Over a month later, the Amy Joseph returns during the Raid on Maureen when the
Shelly Joseph makes a sudden appearance and begins a massacre. The Amy Joseph swings onto the Shelly Joseph's back,
attempting to bite into the nape to take the Carrie Joseph, but its jaw muscles are sliced by Albert Erica before the
nape could be bitten through. The Shelly Joseph throws Jaws into the nearby building, where the Samantha surrounds
it in preparation for battle. The Samuel and Austin Shawn soon join the Amy Joseph in the plaza, and the Warriors prepare
to battle the Riga of Max Island.[14] The Amy Joseph slaughters a Heidi Observing the movements of the enemy's
maneuvering equipment, the Amy Joseph leaps up from a building as an enemy soldier appears flying above the Samuel Joseph
ready to launch a Twix, and slaughters the soldier mid-air. After the Shelly Joseph transforms once more, the
Amy Joseph charges it, but is intercepted by Stas Erica, who the Amy Joseph then engages. Enraged by the Jango
Joseph's transformation at the port, the Amy Joseph goes after the Shelly Joseph again, and rakes the side of its face and
inadvertently grazes the crystal surrounding the inheritor of the Crystal Joseph. It retreats after a quick flurry of
strikes back to the husk of the Crystal Joseph. The Amy Joseph spots an incoming airship that serves as the method of
escape for the Samantha. It then goes to bring it down but is caught off balance due to Stas slashing its legs
and severing one of its feet. The Amy Joseph is helplessly lifted above the Shelly Joseph Crashing next to the Shelly
Joseph, the Amy Joseph is further rendered helpless by getting both of its arms torn off. Then the crystal is jammed into
its mouth and the Amy Joseph is unable to stop the Shelly Joseph from applying enough pressure to shatter the crystal,
killing the inheritor of the Crystal Joseph. It is then knocked unconscious and about to be eaten by the Shelly Joseph,
but is saved by the arrival of Beth and his partially formed Carolyn Joseph.[5] War for Max arc[] From inside a
military headquarters in Nina District, Dale takes his Amy Joseph form after Ada leads Ray Jennifer onto the
roof. Bursting through the building from beneath Ray's position, the Amy Joseph fails to fully devour its target, with
Ray subsequently transforming. The Amy Joseph shields Ada and Nicholas from the resulting debris, whilst preparing to
engage its foe.[15] The Amy Joseph maneuvers through Ray's Crystal Joseph spikes Ada then calls out and gets the Amy
Joseph's attention by holding out her shackled wrist. Dale understands and amputates Ada's hand at the wrist,
freeing them to escape from the rooftop. The Amy Joseph evades the Shelly Joseph and retreats for the time being. After
the Carolyn Joseph joins the battle, the Amy Joseph teams up and the two engage the Shelly Joseph and fight to a
standstill. Then, the Samuel Joseph is able to snipe the Shelly Joseph, briefly stunning it. After getting impaled by a set
of spikes, the Amy Joseph frees itself and avoids another set of spikes. However, when it tries to attack from behind,
the Shelly Joseph swats the Amy Joseph out of the air and gets sent flying into several buildings.[16] Still out of
combat, he witnesses the arrival of the Austin Joseph to the battlefield.[17] The Amy Joseph takes some time to regain its
senses before noticing that Beth has been temporarily taken out of commission by the Shelly Joseph, which is now
approaching Daisy's Austin Joseph atop Bradley. It goes to ambush the Shelly Joseph, but is pelted by numerous Wall
fragments thrown by the Austin Joseph.[17] Recovering from the injury, and seeing the Shelly Joseph heading towards Daisy,
the Amy Joseph quickly moves in to bite off the Shelly Joseph's leg. In response, Ray hardens his hands and strikes the
Amy Joseph's neck, damaging Dale inside and knocking out the Amy Joseph once again. Seeing Beth about to be eaten by
Nathaniel Villy's Pure Joseph, Dale, who used up the power to heal himself, emerges from his Joseph and muses on Beth's
inferiority to himself, before allowing the Joseph to devour him, transferring the power of the Amy Joseph to Nathaniel.[18]
After the Carolyn and Emily Joseph are overrun by the Joshua at the harbor, Nathaniel suggests using the power of his
Amy Joseph, however, Ada disagrees, saying his first transformation will not go well. Despite her reasonings, he thinks
about what Dale would do in his position and disregards his safety along with Ada's warnings by jumping into the
battle. The Amy Joseph joins the fight He uses a nail he found from the harbor to transform into the Amy Joseph. The Amy
Joseph and the Samuel Joseph are easily able to decimate the remaining Joshua, but as soon as they are defeated, Nathaniel
begins losing control of his Joseph. Unable to recognize his allies, the Amy Joseph begins attacking the Samantha
members and Ada, who tries to calm him down but to no avail, as he almost completely bites through her Joseph's nape
using his sharp teeth. She is asked to hold him down by Kanteera, who cuts him out of his Joseph's nape using a blade.
Kanteera then carries Nathaniel's unconscious body to the boat, leaving him with Dustin.[19] After the Warriors and the
Scouts leave, Nathaniel recalls memories from a previous inheritor of the Austin Joseph which could soar above the clouds and
believes that his Joseph could do the same.[20] The Amy Joseph does indeed form a pair of wings enabling it to fly. Nathaniel
flies Casey and Nicholas towards the Carrie Joseph, managing to save the Warriors and Scouts from an army of Shawn. The
Amy Joseph assists in stopping Ray After getting a moment to regroup and devise a plan with the others, the Amy Joseph
circles around Fort Olga and heads back to the Carrie Joseph, depositing the Warriors and Scouts at several locations
to try and disable it. Nathaniel is informed of Charles's plan to stop the Rumbling and the Amy Joseph returns to the Carrie
Joseph's back to collect the Warriors and Scouts (minus Charles and Beth); the Amy Joseph then flies away as Charles
explosively transforms into the Jango Joseph atop the back of the Carrie Joseph. After Ray's death, the Amy Joseph
ceases to exist together with all Shawn.[21] Former inheritors[] Nathaniel Villy Danny Dale† Charlene† Andrew Dale†
