Charles Jess is the 15th and current commander of the Samantha. He is also a childhood friend of Ray Jennifer and
Stas Erica, and is one of the two deuteragonists of the series. Although he appears to be the physically weakest
of the 104th Alejandro, his high intelligence and strategic genius makes him an invaluable asset, though he does not
consider himself to be one and is known to have low self-esteem. After the battle of Nina District, he took the
power of the Josephs from Brittany Brent and became the Jango Joseph. Contents 1Appearance1.1Human form 1.2Colossal
Joseph form 1.3Pure Joseph form 2Personality 3History 4Story4.1The Fall of Nina arc 4.2Humanity's Comeback arc
4.3Distress 4.4A Sudden Visitor: The Sam of Tammy 4.5The Struggle for Carly arc 4.6Eve of the
Counterattack arc 4.7The 57th Exterior Scouting Mission arc 4.8Assault on Justin arc 4.9Clash of the Josephs Arc
4.10Royal Government arc 4.11Lost in the cruel world 4.12Return to Nina arc 4.13Marley arc 4.14War for Max
arc 5Alternate reality5.1Lost in the cruel world 6Abilities6.1High Intelligence 6.2Power of the Josephs 7Relationships
8People killed8.1Failed attempts 9Trivia 10References 11Navigation Appearance Human form Charles's appearance in 854 Charles
is rather short for his age with a generally small frame, although years of military training have given him a somewhat
muscular build. He has a rounded feminine face with blond hair that is cut in the style of a bob. He also has large,
expressive blue eyes, brown eyebrows, and a slightly upturned nose that is often slightly red.[7] During his childhood,
Charles wore a long-sleeved single-buttoned jacket with a collared shirt, long dress-pants, and dress shoes.[8] As a
member of the 104th Alejandro, Charles wears the standard 104th Alejandro uniform with a white button-up shirt
underneath. Charles is part of the Samantha and dresses in their standard uniform. Underneath his short brown
jacket, he wears a white collared button-up shirt, similar to the one he wore as an adolescent. Like his fellow
soldiers, Charles has supplemented his attire with a large green cape when participating in expeditions outside the
Walls.[9] He also has long brown boots that reach almost to his knees, as do the other soldiers. In the year 854, he is
noticeably a bit taller and has his hair cut shorter. As a soldier in the Samantha, Charles is seen wearing their
revamped black uniform for the night raid on Jinger and a standard cloak for hiding purposes before he transformed.[10]
Throughout the episodes, he wears a green military uniform and in the battle against Ray, and like both Stas and
Jean, he wears a white long sleeved button-up shirt with a gray shoulder holster and black Survey Corp pants and boots.
In the year 857, his short blond hair sports fringes in each side. Jango Joseph form In his Jango Joseph form, Charles
was entirely skinless and was extremely tall, roughly similar to Brittany's Jango Joseph. His Joseph had elongated,
stocky arms reaching its knees and very muscular legs with short thick feet. His Joseph's feet were shaped so that it
could stand without falling over due to its proportions and height. Charles's Joseph's upper body was also fairly skinny,
with an exposed rib cage on the front and sides. Its face was missing a nose and almost all of its skin, which was
replaced by bare bone. The eyes of Charles's Joseph form were sunken in and somber, with muscle surrounding them. Charles's
teeth were shown due to the lack of skin on his cheeks. However, unlike the previous Jango Joseph, Charles's Joseph had
lips which were surrounded by some muscle. What made Charles's Joseph particularly unique was the exposed windpipe that
could be seen at its neck, with only two tendons in front of it. It also lacked visible outer ears.[10] Pure Joseph form
Before inheriting the power of the Jango Joseph from Brittany Brent, Charles's Pure Joseph form shared a number of
traits with his human form. It had blond shoulder-length hair, a relatively small body with a lipless mouth and gray
eyes as well as a skeletal nose. In addition, the ribs of the Joseph were visible through the skin and its arms were also
very skinny. While its exact height was unknown, it was shown to be big enough to peer over a three-story house rooftop.
Personality Evelin when he was young, the naturally curious Charles had a deep fascination with the world beyond the
Walls.[8] As a child, he found and studied an illegal book about the outside world that was owned by his grandfather. He
told Ray Jennifer, his best friend, about the book and the information that was inside it. Charles was branded a heretic by
the other children, for his unusual interest in the outside world, and was frequently picked on.[8] Too timid to defend
himself, Charles would often need to rely on his friends (Ray and Stas) to protect him from local bullies. This,
coupled with his frail physique, was a source of much shame for Charles, leading him to have poor self-esteem and believe
himself to be a burden upon others. Because of this, Charles has always been very eager to prove his worth. As a child, he
hoped that one day he would be able to consider himself a true equal to his friends.[7] Charles prepares to take action
Charles continued to have low self-esteem during his training years and for a short while after graduation. During this
time Charles considered himself to be useless and a burden due to his lack of physical strength and physical skill.
However, soon after graduation, he came to learn that his mind is an equally valuable asset to the military and that he
is not useless or a burden as he can use his brain to help people.[11] Consequently, Charles gradually gains confidence in
himself and his abilities. Nonetheless, he can still be hard on himself at times. The fact that he is so willing to
sacrifice himself to achieve a goal shows that he still does not value his own life as much as he should.[11] Charles is
exceptionally loyal, brave and selfless. He constantly worries for the safety of his friends. Charles is always prepared
to throw himself into dangerous situations to save them, even offering to sacrifice himself for Stas.[12] When he,
Jean Faith, and Beth Vicki had to decide who would be left behind without a horse, Charles immediately offered
himself without hesitation. When Jean was injured in battle, Charles rushed to his aid, placing himself in danger as
well.[13] Although he and Ray were determined to live their dream of seeing the outside world, Charles was content to
give up his life in order to defeat the Jango Joseph and to have his dream fulfilled through Ray.[14] Charles is also
very level-headed, keeping Ray and Stas under control when their emotions get the better of them. He has talked down
a fight Ray started with a soldier and restrained Stas from acting rashly during Ray's military trial.[15][16] Charles
is a very analytical person. He likes to think deeply about situations and solve problems using his mind. These
personality traits, in conjunction with his intelligence, good judgment, level-headedness, ability to plan ahead, and
ability to come up with creative ideas and think outside the box, make him a great tactician. He is not an extrovert or
loud person. When he was suddenly thrown into a leadership role that involved being in the spotlight, speaking in front
of people and ordering people around constantly, he got quite anxious and momentarily froze up.[17] Charles has shown
great investment in humanity's future and is always striving for and thinking about how he can change things for the
betterment of mankind.[11] Charles's hard and cruel life has caused him to have certain beliefs about how the world works.
Charles believes that (in the cruel world in which they live) in order to surpass monsters, accomplish goals or make a
difference, you must be willing to sacrifice anything, even your humanity. Charles admires strong leaders such as Erwin
Smith, Jerome Shirley, and Tiffany Don for their ability to sacrifice themselves and their humanity in order to achieve
their goals.[18] He believes that tactical related decisions should be based on logic (what actions will produce the
logically best outcome?), rather than emotions.[18] Charles is visibly shaken after his transformation in Maureen Evelin
though Charles makes calculated decisions, he is also a very emotionally sensitive and empathetic person. Due to Charles's
kind heart, he faces conflict in his mind with his belief that he has to force himself to throw away his humanity. For
example, Charles killed a person to save Jean as it was the logical thing to do; however, he became very emotionally upset
afterward.[19] This, in conjunction with the fact that he is hard on himself whenever he does something wrong, means
that he has yet to completely throw away his humanity. Charles's most consistent traits remain his kind heart and keen
intuition, making him often concerned with the group's morality. Despite this, Charles strongly believes that morality is
relative and that there are no universal laws of good and evil. Therefore, he has a distaste for the terms 'good person'
and 'bad person', since no one could be either good or bad to everyone. This makes him willing to concoct underhanded,
morally questionable plans that shock some of his comrades. Notably, both Stas and Ray, his best friends, show no
hint of surprise at this ability of his, with the latter even commenting that he had always known Charles was capable of
it. History Charles originally lived in the Nina District of Steven. One day, after the latest in a series of
beatings by bullies, Charles sat against a building, crying. Another boy, Ray Jennifer, appeared around the corner with a
shady look on his face. Ray asked Charles why he never fought back, and claimed that that was why they treated him like
that; he then asked him if he wanted to be on the losing side forever. Charles then claimed that he was not losing by not
running away. Ray then asked for his name, and the two began a friendship.[14] Charles and his friend Ray were united
together as outcasts from the other children in town. One day, Charles discovered a book belonging to his grandfather,
describing the outside world. Inspired by what he read, Charles showed the book to Ray.[8] Charles would often spend his
time enthusing Ray about the outside world, for which Charles held a passionate curiosity. Reading from his grandfather's
book about salty oceans, deserts, and other surreal places, Charles expressed a desire to one day venture out and see
these magnificent sights for himself.[20] However, Charles's interest in the outside world was met with frequent
harassment by local bullies, who regarded him as a heretic.[7] After Charles's parents were executed in an attempt to
escape the Walls[19], Charles was left to live with his grandfather.[15] Story The Fall of Nina arc Charles, Ray,
and Stas see the Jango Joseph In the year 845, Charles would once again find himself cornered by bullies who mock him
for his deep curiosity for the outside world.[8] Refusing to fight back, Charles would need to be rescued by the timely
appearance of Ray and Stas. Later, he and his two friends settle by the riverbank, where Ray broods over his desire
to join the Samantha.[8] Just as Charles muses how the Walls cannot protect humanity forever, the Jango Joseph
appears and subsequently breaches Steven as Charles and the others watch in horror.[8] As Josephs flood the Nina
District, Ray, and Stas head back home to find their doomed mother as Charles tries to stop them, but finds himself
petrified by fear. Unbeknownst to Ray and Stas, Charles was the one to locate and inform Hannes to save the two as they
were going too close towards the Josephs' direction. Charles and his grandfather both managed to board a boat leaving
Nina. While sitting with his grandfather, Charles noticed Ray and Stas nearby and attempted to go to them. He
was stopped, however, by his grandfather, who correctly deduced that Ray and Stas had just been through a
traumatizing ordeal and would not want to talk. Charles was perplexed by this but was soon distracted by the sight of an
Carolyn Joseph smashing the inner gate of Steven.[15] Charles grieves for his grandfather After escaping Nina,
Charles's grandfather was drafted to help try to reclaim the lands lost after the fall of Steven. However, he, like
most who participated, was killed during the mission, and Charles was left as an orphan. Despite being told that his
grandfather was participating in a Recovery Operation, Charles knew that his grandfather and the other civilians had been
sent on a suicide mission so that there would be fewer mouths for the government to feed. With no family left, Charles
moved onto a settlement with Ray until the two of them turned twelve, and were able to join the Military.[15]
Humanity's Comeback arc Charles during debut day No longer content with sitting by in the face of the Joseph threat, Charles
decides to enlist in military training along with Stas and Ray.[15] He was able to pass the basic aptitude test after
some effort and tried to help Ray with it when he struggled to stay upright.[7] During the night after their graduation
and before the cadets had decided on their chosen section of the military, (Gina Regiment, Nichole, or Heidi
Regiment) Charles sits with Ray and Stas to eat, and watches as Ray responds to a taunting Jean, by finally deciding
to set the record straight and gives a moving speech to the whole of the 104th Alejandro on how he wants to kill the
Josephs to gain freedom and pursue his dream to see the outside world beyond the entrapment of the Walls.[21] After the
dinner, Charles finds Ray and Stas sitting outside of the building and joins them, saying that the party is over and
that they should head back to the dorms. Before they do, Ray asks Charles which section of the military he will be
joining. Charles sits down and reveals that he will join the Samantha along with Ray and Stas. Ray questions his
choice incredulously, knowing of Charles's physical weaknesses. Charles affirms his worries by acknowledging that he is
physically weak. Ray responds supportively but advises Charles not to join Ray's own crazy course of action while
neglecting his own strong points. Charles responds, bitterly determined, saying that he would rather die than become a
burden.[21] Ray, Stas, and Charles meet Hannes again Before Ray or Stas can answer, they are interrupted by seeing
Hannes, who they now salute as the Captain of the Nichole. Hannes points out that it has been 5 years since he has seen
them.[21] Although high in intellect, Charles was considered weak in physical strength and graduated below the top
ten.[21] Distress In the year 848, two years before graduation, Charles is placed in one of two groups of cadets on a
wilderness hunt to sustain themselves in times of peace. Working as his group's data collector, Charles tries to keep a
record of everything that happens on the mission, but Deny Angela makes a habit of dictating what Charles, should and
should not write, in an attempt to create a report that Commandant Marta will find favorable. During the night, the
group is ambushed by thieves as they were sleeping. Held at gunpoint, they are unable to do anything as the thieves
carry off their Holly gear and kidnap Christa Lenz. Deny suggests abandoning the mission and getting help, but Ray
convinces the group to help him chase down the thieves before they can get away. Anna suggests using a higher vantage
point to look for the kidnappers, and Charles is able to successfully deduce where the thieves will be traveling. Charles
gives Keith the inform of the training The group devises a plan to confront the kidnappers. As the rest of his group
takes back their stolen gear, Charles uses a signal flare to alert the other group to where they are. After Christa is
rescued and the thieves are detained, Charles delivers his report of the mission to Marta. During their meeting, Charles
asks Marta if they were right to engage the thieves. Upon hearing Marta' answer, Charles is left wondering if their
meeting with the thieves had actually been a coincidence.[22] A Sudden Visitor: The Sam of Tammy In
849, Charles is put on a team with Jean during an Tracy drill in Carly District. When Commander
Don declares a cooking contest between Jean and Anna to help them settle a fight peacefully, Charles and Casey Brenda
are enlisted by Jean to help him hunt a colossal boar living outside of Carly, so that they can cook it. However, the
team quickly becomes lost, and ultimately lose the boar to Anna and her helpers. Charles slips and injures his leg
Unwilling to give up on cooking meat for the competition, Jean suggests stealing meat from their superiors' storeroom.
Hysterical at the thought of stealing, Charles attempts to flee, and injures his leg in the process. Unable to help Jean
in his injured state, Charles is forced to bow out of the competition.[23] The Struggle for Carly arc Charles and the others
watch in horror as Chris is caught Charles is shaken by the news of the Joseph attack on Carly. He trembles in fear,
realizing how sorely unprepared they are to respond, but Ray manages to shake him out of it.[21] Later, Charles joins
Ray's squad in the middle guard of Carly and exchanges confident words with Ray about killing Josephs, and soon after
departs with Mina Carolina, Chris Wagner, Katherine, and Evan to their assigned location. Along the way,
Chris is caught by surprise and eaten by an abnormal Joseph. Enraged and vengeful, Ray charges ahead of the others to
engage the Joseph, and Charles and the others follow suit. However, the group is ambushed and picked apart by the
surrounding Josephs, leaving only Charles alive and Ray missing his left leg. Shocked and horrified, Charles is left
immobile as a nearby Joseph plucks him up and attempts to swallow him. Ray, just barely conscious enough to remember how
Charles inspired him to see the outside world, leaps to Charles's aid; just barely saving him from being swallowed. Ray
hurls Charles out of the Joseph's mouth but is eaten in his place as Charles screams in anguish.[20] Stuck in a state of
shock for some time, Charles is shaken out of it by Marcy who questions where the rest of his squad is. Charles suffers a
mental breakdown, despising himself for his cowardice that resulted in Ray's death. He leaves to inform the rear guard
of what happened, along the way lamenting how the world is and always has been hell. On the way, he encounters Hanna
trying to resuscitate Franz. Charles beckons Hanna to stop, seeing all too well that Franz is bisected and already
dead.[24] Charles after revealing Ray's fate Charles is later confronted by Stas above the rooftops with the other
stranded cadets. She questions him about Ray's location, but as soon as Charles looks at her with tearful eyes she
understands. Charles blurts out the names of all the fallen soldiers in Ray's squad, ending with Ray himself. Despite
his clear regret, Stas calmly comforts Charles and explains that they must not get emotional at a time like this. Charles
follows as Stas guides the leaderless cadets to safety, but realizes how she is only masking her distress. When Stas
carelessly uses up all of her gas, Charles comes to her aid. Soon after, Charles, along with Stas and Marcy, witness the
appearance of the mysterious Joseph who only kills other Josephs.[25] With Stas's gas is exhausted, Charles provides her
with all the remaining fuel and blades he has, seemingly ready to remain behind. Charles requests to keep one blade,
implying to commit suicide with it, but Stas and Marcy refuse to leave him behind. With Carly's military headquarters
overrun with Josephs, and the soldiers running low on fuel, Charles devises a plan to lure the Rogue Joseph towards the HQ
to wipe out the surrounding Josephs.[12] Once inside the HQ, Charles constructs a plan to eliminate the Josephs infesting
the supply depot inside. Charles and several other cadets act as bait, attracting the Josephs in the headquarters together.
Once they have lured all of the Josephs into one place they use rifles to blind them, allowing the rest of the cadets
lying in wait to slash their napes without Tracy.[12] After refueling, Charles is one of the
cadets who stay behind to watch the abnormal Joseph as it continues to fight.[12] To his shock, the Joseph collapses from
exhaustion and Ray emerges from its nape.[12] Ray, Stas, and Charles surrounded by the soldiers After being recovered,
Ray is detained by a group of soldiers with the intention of executing him and Charles and Stas come to his defense.
When the soldiers try firing cannons at them, Ray decides to escape over the Walls to keep his friends safe unless
Charles is able to talk down the soldiers and convince them of his value to humanity.[26] Charles tries convincing the
soldiers of Ray's strategic and tactical importance in turning the tide of the battle in Carly. As a soldier, he
passionately declares to be ready to die for this cause and makes a grand salute. Don noticing his determination and
passion, prevents their execution.[11] Charles discusses the plan of retaking Carly Don brings the trio to the top of
Wall Victoria, where he has Charles help devise a plan to retake Carly with Ray's powers. Charles suggests using a boulder in
the middle of the district to seal the hole while other soldiers could lure the Josephs towards the Walls. They proceed
with the plan.[27] Later, when Ray loses control of his Joseph form and knocks himself out, Charles rushes to Ray and
lands on his back. Remembering the spot where Ray had risen earlier, Charles stabs into him a little askew so that it
would not be fatal, but would wake him up. He reminds Ray of his personal vendetta against the Josephs, but Ray only
becomes responsive once he reminds him of the world beyond the Walls and asks him to think of the reason he wanted to go
out there to begin with.[28] Ray, successfully motivated by Charles's words, carries the boulder and plugs the breach and
all the remainder of the fighting is from then on supported by the newly returned Samantha.[29] Eve of the
Counterattack arc Charles is then present as a witness to the hearing that decides Ray's fate; it is ultimately decided
for him to be placed in the custody of the Samantha's Captain Albert. He and Stas are then separated from Ray
until they are able to join the Samantha.[16] Before the cadets are able to decide their chosen military paths,
the news spreads that two captured Josephs, Sawney and Beane, were slain, and Charles along with other cadets from the
104th Alejandro are called in for inspection. Charles, Casey, and Marcy discuss which branch of the military they would
join. To the surprise of Marcy, Charles declares he intends to join the Samantha. Casey compliments Charles on his
courage, but states she still wants to join the Gina Regiment and survive. To Casey's surprise, Charles tells
her she is also a good person because he can tell she does not want them to join the Samantha either. She
disagrees saying that she is not a good person, because she just wants to assure her own survival by joining the
Gina Regiment.[30] The 57th Exterior Scouting Mission arc Charles encounters the Emily Joseph After joining the
Samantha with Ray, Stas and the rest of the 104th's top 10 (excluding Casey Brenda), Charles participates in
the Samantha's 57th expedition, venturing beyond Wall Victoria. Not long into the expedition, Charles's squad encounters
the Emily Joseph, which is seemingly highly intelligent and knowledgeable about the Military formation. The Emily Joseph
kills Charles's entire squad, but spares Charles's life after carefully removing his hood and observing his face.[9] As the
Emily Joseph moves on, Beth and Jean meet up with Charles and the three pursue the mysterious Joseph. Charles suggests the
Emily Joseph, like Ray, is an intelligent Joseph and is likely hunting for Ray. The three attempt to engage the Emily
Joseph, and are nearly killed, but manage to stall her, though she immediately beelines for Ray's direction after
warding Charles's group off.[9] Though they survived the encounter, Charles, Jean and Beth are left stranded with only one
horse, which is only strong enough to carry two at a time. After being bandaged up by Beth, Charles offers himself to be
left behind, but luckily, Christa quickly arrives with two spare horses in tow.[13] Reaching the forest of giant trees,
Charles and his fellow soldiers perch on its many high branches, distracting Josephs while Erwin confronts the Emily
Joseph. While they wait, Charles concludes that Erwin withheld vital information from most of the soldiers out of fear of
traitors existing amongst them. Jean criticizes his commander's actions, but Charles defends Erwin, stating that playing
it safe will not bring about change.[13] When the expedition ultimately ends in failure, Charles safely returns to Wall
Victoria with the remainder of the Samantha. Assault on Justin arc Casey confronted by Charles Sometime later, in
Justin District, Charles locates and asks Casey, as a Gina member, for her help in hiding Ray as they need to
flee Wall Robert to avoid Ray's inevitable execution. Although initially hesitant, Casey accepts, and Charles explains that
they must smuggle Ray out of Wall Robert by foot and will take an underground route. As he, Ray and Stas enter the
underground, Casey refuses to continue on, realizing that Charles has led her into a trap. Charles confronts Casey,
questioning why she was in possession of Deny Angela's Tracy inspection. Casey claims that she
simply found it, but admits to having killed the two captured Josephs using her own equipment when Charles accuses her of
such. Casey questions why Charles did not take action if he was already so suspicious of her, but Charles states he simply
could not believe it, and questions why Casey chose to not kill him when she had the chance. Casey is not sure herself
but congratulates Charles on managing to corner her, confirming her identity as the Emily Joseph.[31] Charles fires a sound
grenade, signaling hidden soldiers to restrain Casey. Despite their efforts, Casey succeeds in injuring herself using a
barb hidden in her father's ring, allowing her to transform. Anticipating this, Stas grabs both Ray and Charles and
takes them further underground as Casey in her Joseph form attempts to grasp them. Seeing that his strategy has failed,
Charles initiates plan B, trying to encourage Ray to fight Casey. Ray tries repeatedly to assume his Joseph form, but
cannot due to his reluctance to fight Casey.[32] Having no other option, Charles suggests he and Stas distract Casey so
that Ray may safely flee. Realizing that if he does not fight, his friends will surely die, Ray finally transforms
into a Joseph and fights Casey. The soldiers watch Ray fight Casey After realizing that she is fighting a losing battle
with Ray and the Samantha, Casey decides to make her escape by climbing over Bradley. As Stas, Oko, and
another Heidi scramble to catch up to her, Charles realizes that they will not be fast enough and instructs Ray in his
Joseph form to propel Stas up Bradley so that she can gain enough speed to overtake Casey.[32] Stas cuts the Emily
Joseph down and Ray pins her to the ground, allowing for the other Samantha members to extract Casey from the nape
of the neck. When Ray awakens from his Joseph form, wondering Casey's fate. Charles informs him that no one knows, as
Casey encased herself in rock hard crystal. As Ray rehabilitates from his ordeal, Charles takes a moment to rest with the
others. Charles informs Jean that Ray's summons to the King was canceled and that Casey is indeed the Emily Joseph. She
is been detained underground after encasing herself in a crystal to avoid interrogation. Reflecting on the mysterious
Josephs found in the Walls, Charles observes that for all these years they were being protected from the Josephs by Josephs.
Charles cannot fathom how the Walls were built in the first place but hypothesizes that abilities like Casey's hardening
power were somehow employed to construct the Walls.[33] Clash of the Josephs Arc Charles realizes that Ray could use his
hardening powers to seal up Steven After Wall Victoria is declared to have been breached, Charles, Stas, Oko, Ray,
and Albert ride in a carriage out Randy District with Pastor Nick. On the way, Charles thinks that if they can use Ray's
hardening in his Joseph form, then they could seal up Wall Victoria, and quite possibly Steven as well. Oko likes this
plan, and while Ray tries to protest, Albert stops him, saying that he has no choice but to do it.[34] Eventually, Nick
tells the scouts that Christa might help them find the answers about the walls he can divulge. But before they can find
her, Anna gives Oko a message that incriminates Beth and Brittany as being Casey's allies. The message states that
the three of them were supposedly from the same town, and that Beth and Brittany were among the people who were given
false info that Ray was in the section Casey attacked. Charles remembers how Beth attacked Casey, but quickly realizes
that she immediately headed in the direction of Ray after it. He also realizes that he told Beth where he thought
Ray was, but only because Beth asked him, and it is possible that Beth carved this info onto Casey's hand when he
attacked her. With this possibility seeming more and more likely, the Scouts venture out to find Christa, as well as
Beth and Brittany to lead them to a location where they can not transform. After rescuing Beth, Brittany, Christa,
and a mortally wounded Charlene from Carl Castle, Charles and the rest of the Samantha regroup on top of Wall Victoria.
However, as Charles and the remaining attempt to lead Christa, Beth and Brittany away, Beth reveals to Ray that he
is the Carolyn and Brittany is Jango Joseph. When Ray refuses to come with them, Beth tries to take him by force.
Stas tries to kill the two, but fails, and they both transform above Wall Victoria, taking Ray, but not before he can
transform and engage Beth in battle.[35] Charles witnesses Beth and Brittany's transformation As Brittany emits
steam from his body, Oko suggests that he might be trying to disappear again, but Charles suspects otherwise. He says
that while last time the Jango Joseph vanished instantly, this time he is protecting himself with steam, and if this
keeps up, they will not be able to attack him. Charles shoots a cable at Brittany's arm, but it goes off-course, and
Charles panics, asking what are they meant to do now, to which Oko replies, they wait. As Ray battles Beth, Charles
suggests that Ray move back towards Bradley, as their goal is to kidnap him and take him away. Ray begins to turn the
tables on Beth, but just then Beth roars, signaling Brittany, who falls on top of them from Bradley.[36] Charles and
Stas watch as Charlene eats Christa Once Ray is kidnapped, Stas and Charles sit atop Bradley, injured. As Stas
expresses regret for not being able to save him, the two reminisce about the childhood they had before Steven was
destroyed. Hannes joins them, and gives them both their cracker rations, which they eat quickly. Along with some Heidi
Regiment reinforcements, the Nichole and Gina soldiers, they go to retrieve Ray and Charlene from Beth and
Brittany's hands.[37] As Charles and the rest of the group near the forest of giant trees where Brittany and Beth are
resting, they are overcome with Josephs. Once they encounter Charlene's Joseph form, Charles notices that Charlene is suspiciously
watching everybody and neglecting to attack them. Christa appears and Charlene catches her, escaping, and Charles realizes
that she must have sided with the traitors.[38] Charles and the others try to persuade Brittany Beth transforms into
the Carolyn Joseph and escapes with Brittany, a restrained Ray, and Charlene in tow. Following on horseback, Charles states
that while Beth is slow, it will be hard to defeat him as he has not shed any armor. Eventually, Charles succeeds in
latching onto the Carolyn Joseph. He and the other members of the 104th futilely try to persuade Brittany into handing
over Ray, but they are forced to get off of the Carolyn Joseph as Erwin charges towards them, leading a horde of
Josephs.[39] The giant mass of Josephs approaches Beth and Brittany, along with Charlene, and slow him down to a crawl,
with Erwin using this opportunity to order the soldiers to retrieve Ray. In the confusion, Charles latches onto the
Carolyn Joseph's head and confronts Brittany. Charles lies to Brittany about Casey Remembering what he said before, that
somebody who cannot abandon something, cannot change anything, Charles decides that he must throw away his integrity. He
taunts Brittany, telling him that they are torturing Casey as they speak, in every way possible, and that her "screams"
taught them something, that even with her body's healing she can never get rid of the pain. Brittany becomes enraged,
stating that he will kill them, and Erwin uses this opportunity to free Ray from Brittany, severing one of his
maneuvering cables in the process.[39] Beth throws Josephs at the fleeing soldiers, knocking Jean unconscious and
throwing him off his horse. Charles defends him from Josephs, and is saved after Ray activates the Alexandria's power and
causes all the Josephs to attack the smiling Joseph and the Carolyn Joseph. Erwin uses this opportunity to retreat, and
they make a full retreat. Once they return, Charles and Jean theorize that it was Ray who caused all those Josephs to
attack.[40] Royal Government arc Charles spots Anna trying to steal a piece of bread Sometime later, Charles is selected to
be a member of the new Squad Albert assigned to safeguard Ray and Jeff in an isolated forest cabin. He worries about
Stas's injury recovery after spotting her lifting firewood, though Ray insists she has healed already. Overhearing
Anna's nostalgia for their early cadet days, Charles wonders why they were chosen to guard Ray and Jeff. A brief
argument erupts when Charles notices Anna attempting to steal a loaf of bread from their supplies, and her friends
confront her.[41] Charles wonders how much Pastor Nick has revealed about their plans After the group reunites with Oko,
who informs them that Nick was found dead that morning, tortured and murdered by members of the Gina's First
Interior Squad, Charles wonders how much he would have revealed, though Albert guesses he did not reveal anything. He also
was there when Jeff told Squad Albert about her past, her mother's murder and the events that led to her enlistment in
the Samantha.[41] Charles gets harassed by one of his captors During a failed test for Ray to harden his Joseph
form, Charles was present, where he discusses his idea of sealing the hole in Steven using Ray's Joseph hardening
abilities with Albert. He was also present when the group read Erwin's orders to abandon their forest hideout, looking
shocked at the sight of it. During their first official operation, Charles serves as a body double for Jeff, allowing
himself and Jean to be captured by the organization that wishes to take possession of Ray and Jeff. While being
held captive with Jean, who was serving as Ray's double, one of the men harassed him, asking over and over to hear
Charles's voice, whom he believes to be Jeff. Charles displayed great discomfort at this, being driven to tears from
it.[41] Charles is seen still tied up with Jean as the men issued to take Ray and Christa arrive, observing them silently
before they are attacked by Stas, Marcy and Anna. He and Jean then race from their positions, revealing that they
were pretending to be tied up, and tie the beaten men up.[41] Charles kills an enemy to save Jean Shortly after, Charles and
the others hear the sound of gunshots and go to investigate. They spot the wagon carrying an unconscious Ray and
Jeff with Albert in pursuit. To their shock, there is another soldier tailing Albert, who aims a gun at his captain.
Albert kills the soldier and orders his squad to chase the wagon and kill their opponents, given the chance. Charles takes
control of the wagon with Jean, on Albert's command. When Stas knocks over the soldier driving the wagon, Jean hesitates
to kill her, giving her the opportunity she needs to knock away his blade. However, Charles shoots her before she can kill
Jean, and Albert and Anna pull the two of them to safety before the rest of Jeffrey's special unit can finish them. Charles
is traumatized after killing a human Returning to the warehouse, Charles is greatly distraught to have killed someone,
becoming violently ill. After Stas has comforted him, they enter the warehouse, where the squad is discussing what
happened. While speaking with Jean, Charles learns that the woman he killed had herself hesitated to kill Jean, and
becomes ashamed, thinking himself inhuman for killing her immediately. Albert tells him that he cannot go back to being
the way he was, as his hands are now already dirty, praising him for making a hard decision in order to keep his comrade
alive. When Dimo Reeves tricks two Gina of the First Interior Squad to come with him to a remote cabin, Charles
and other members of Albert Squad take them hostage at gunpoint. Charles and the rest of the squad listen uncomfortably to
the screams as Albert and Oko conduct their interrogation. When the two are through, Charles and the others are informed
that Ray and Jeff are likely being held near Pam Brandon.[19] Charles confiscates rifles from Marlo and Jacob After the
Samantha is accused of trying to monopolize Ray's Joseph powers, the government begins arresting all members of
the organization. Charles and the rest of Squad Albert avoid being captured, and camp out in the woods outside of Justin.
Anna informs them of approaching MPs,[42] and Stas and Albert ambush them while Charles distracts them as bait. Stas
and Charles take their uniforms and put them on with the intention of infiltrating the Gina to find out where
Ray and Jeff have been taken, but the two soldiers, Marlo and Jacob do not take their capture quietly, and
eventually gain the squad's trust, leading them to a nearby MP checkpoint. Charles dives to the ground upon being alerted
to people approaching on foot After crippling most of the personnel, Albert and his squad escape with a hostage. They
interrogate him about Ray and Jeff's location while Charles watches nearby, but he claims not to know anything.
Before they can question their hostage further, they hear people approaching on foot. Charles, along with his squad,
immediately prepares for battle, with Charles quickly diving into the grass with his rifle.[43] To the entire squad's
delight, it is Oko, who informs them that the Samantha has been exonerated, and that they have a lead on Ray
and Jeff's whereabouts. As the group begins to ride for the Brandon chapel, Charles silently wonders who Ray had
inherited his Joseph from.[44] Charles points out the Anti-Personnel Holly gear's weakness Charles plays a pivotal role in
planning out their fight with the remaining Interior MP forces stationed at the chapel. The plan is to take cover under
the smoke by igniting gunpowder inside barrels and also by utilizing their smoke signals, as it would be advantageous
for them with their lower numbers. Charles is one of the soldiers who fires flares to provide cover.[45] The Scouts
eventually find their way blocked by a barricade set up by the MPs, and before they can figure out a way to
circumnavigate it, they notice the light from a Joseph transformation deeper into the cavern. The resulting tremors
caused by the force of the transformation shake the barricade loose, and Albert orders Charles and Moblit to take Oko to
safety while the rest of the squad continues on. As the three are exiting the chapel, a sinkhole begins to form as the
underground cavern collapses, which they are nearly caught in. The three meet up with Albert's squad after they escape the
cavern and follow Pam's Joseph as it makes its way to Ryan District, meeting up with Erwin's forces en route.[46] Charles
helps make a net for gunpowder barrels At dawn, the Joseph arrives and Ray, Stas, and Charles assemble a stack of
barrels filled with gunpowder at Oko's direction. Ray sees a group of kids below and remarks on how they remind him
of himself and his friends on that day when the Jango Joseph first appeared. Charles agrees, but reminds Ray that there
is a difference this time, with them being ready to face the threat. To Charles's surprise, Ray suddenly begins punching
himself to bring himself back to his senses. When Pam reaches Bradley, Albert instructs the Nichole soldiers to flee
while the Samantha soldiers douse themselves in water to withstand the heat. Ray changes into his Joseph and uses
the stacked barrels as an explosive by shoving them down Pam's open mouth. Charles joins the rest of the scouts in cutting
down the pieces of Joseph flesh that rain down to ensure that Pam's main body is destroyed.[47] After Jeff is crowned
as the new queen, Charles and Squad Albert accompany her as she goes to find Albert so she can punch him. The squad tries to
talk her down, but she punches the captain as soon as she sees him. Expecting Albert to retaliate, the squad is surprised
when he reacts by smiling and thanking them.[48] After Jeff has been crowned queen, Charles is seen helping out at the
farm for the orphans and people in need from the Underground. Charles accompanies Ray to visit their old Commandant Keith
Marta and question him about his connection to Ray's father.[49] Ray, Stas, and Charles see a soldier He and the rest
of scouts prepare for the upcoming mission for retaking Steven and have meals together.[50] During the dinner before
setting out for Nina, Charles watches as Jean and Ray fight. After the fight, he sits outside with Ray and
Stas. The three see a soldier who reminds them of Hannes, which causes Stas to wonder if retaking Steven will
make things return to how they were. Charles reminisces his childhood with Ray and Stas, and enthusiastically talks of
being able to see the outside world, stating that they should start by visiting the ocean. The scouts depart to
Nina at dawn. As they are leaving, they are met with many cheering citizens, sending them off in high
spirits.[51] Lost in the cruel world Charles stands atop Bradley with Ray and Stas, as a guillotine-like device
crushes the head of a Joseph below. Stas thinks back at a time and place with the two, where they reminisced about the
old days before the fall of Steven.[52] Return to Nina arc During the scouts' journey towards Nina,
Charles notices Ray is shaking and asks if he is scared, though Ray claims he is just cold. Charles notes that Ray has
never seemed to be afraid of Josephs compared to everyone else and asks how he is able to face them so boldly, and Ray
claims that it is because of their dream to see the outside world. Charles gives orders to the Scouts After arriving in
Nina, Charles and his squad take up positions atop Steven. As the rest of his squad proceeds to the breach in
the wall, Charles notices the remains of a campfire nearby and alerts Erwin. On Erwin's orders, Charles proceeds to the foot
of the wall where he finds evidence that three people had been camping out atop the wall. He returns to Erwin to inform
him of what he has found, and the two of them deduce that there is likely a fourth person accompanying their enemies who
warned them of the scouts' approach so that they could hide. To Charles's surprise, Erwin gives him command of a team of
soldiers, and orders him to find where their enemies are hiding. As he is searching, Charles recalls the fact that the
Walls are filled with Josephs and deduces that there might be hollow spots where the Warriors could be hiding. He orders
his team to search the wall for hollow areas and despite their initial skepticism Erwin orders them to obey. One soldier
stumbles across a hollow spot and from within emerges Beth who immediately kills him. He prepares to attack Charles, but
Albert swoops down and intervenes.[17] As the Austin Joseph's forces advance on the scouts, Erwin informs Charles of his plan
to use Ray as bait to draw Beth away from the scouts' horses and sends him with Squads Albert and Oko to engage
Beth.[53] Charles laments the outcome After they blow Beth's head off, he laments that with their abilities they could
not afford any negotiations. However, Beth's Joseph form gives out a roar and Charles immediately realizes that it might
be a signal to call Brittany. Sure enough, he sees a barrel hurling towards them from the sky, thrown by the Austin
Joseph. With the Jango Joseph coming from above, Charles and the soldiers try to flee from the scene, but turns around
when he realizes Brittany had not transformed yet. Instead of attacking Brittany, Charles reminds everyone that they
should make a last attempt to negotiate with him. Brittany shares a bitter conversation with Charles, claiming that it
was he who decided to come up with malicious schemes in order to conquer humanity. Thinking fast, Charles throws Casey's
name in the conversation, declaring that only Brittany is capable of saving her from the Gina. Brittany
coldly dismisses Charles's remarks and approaches him with his blade ready. He reveals to Charles that he saw through his
plan long ago, but he just wanted to ensure that he is to kill them properly. Charles attempts to negotiate with Brittany
A confused Charles asks why Brittany thinks that all humans are descendants of evil, but Brittany shrugs the question
off and continues to advance towards him. Before he can reach Charles, however, Stas attacks Brittany from behind,
forcing him to defend himself and then make a quick escape to find Beth. Charles attempts to chase after Brittany, but
Stas stops him, warning of Brittany's intentions to transform. Sure enough, Charles soon feels an immense explosion
resonating throughout the district, signifying that Brittany has taken his Joseph form.[54] Charles witnesses the Jango
Joseph destroy the district. When Jean asks Charles for a plan, Charles advises to tire out the Jango Joseph because it
cannot climb over Bradley. Jean interrupts Charles's plan, deeming it too dangerous to risk leading the Jango Joseph to
Bradley due to Erwin's group being on the other side. Jean concludes that a tactical approach is the logical plan, but
the squad has limited supplies. Charles realizes that this is their only chance of attack solely counting on their current
manpower. Jean asks Charles for the next phase of his plan, but Charles is out of ideas and requests Jean to take over.
Charles observes the Jango Joseph Following Jean's orders to reach the river, Charles climbs onto Ray, who stays out of
sight from the Jango Joseph. Jean tells Charles that he might be able to get a grasp of their situation, however in the
end he would have to rely on Charles's planning for it to work. Charles, incredibly frantic, is reprimanded by Jean to stop.
He is tasked to observe the Jango Joseph from the farther back while Ray attacks him to keep him from reaching the
Wall. Charles looks on in horror as Ray is kicked to the top of Bradley by the Jango Joseph. As Stas retreats from a
burst of steam from the Jango Joseph, Charles notices that Stas is hurt. She asks him if he has come up with any other
ideas, but he has not. Before they can come up with any other plans, Charles looks on in shock to find the Carolyn Joseph
still alive and ready to battle once more.[55] Charles reminds Ray of their promise After some consideration, Charles
finally comes up with a plan; he explains to the group that the Jango Joseph has become thinner compared to when it
first transformed, meaning that it will soon run out of energy. Charles tells Jean and Stas to go after the Carolyn
Joseph, while he and Ray will take on the Jango. Reminiscing the days when he and Ray promised each other that they
would one day see the ocean, Charles comments that if this plan fails, he will never get to see it. Charles then stabs
Ray's Joseph form, telling him to wake up. Charles succeeds in waking Ray and explains the plan to him, telling him to go
through with the plan no matter what. Ray hesitantly agrees.[14] In accordance with Charles's plan, Ray lets his Joseph
form fall to the ground in front of the north gate, seemingly defeated. Charles stays on Bradley, pretending to be
surprised. As Ray's Joseph form falls he secretly hardens his body and escapes through the nape, fleeing from the scene.
Charles stays to face the Jango Joseph, thinking about how Ray will carry out his dreams to see the ocean if this plan
takes too long. Grappling to the Jango Joseph's teeth, Charles succeeds in getting Brittany to emit a massive wave of
heat and smoke. Charles remains grappled as the heat begins to hinder his breathing, but he remains resolute in his
decision. Brittany begins to pity Charles's selflessness and emits a massive wave of searing heat and steam to kill Charles
quickly.[14] Charles is scorched alive As Charles's flesh, skin, and clothing begin to burn off, he chooses to remain
grappled; realizing that he is about to die and that Ray must see the ocean in his stead. Soon, Charles's grip on his
sword hilt is broken, sending his charred body flying to the rooftops below. As Brittany inspects Ray's hardened Joseph
form, Ray uses his maneuver gear to get behind him and slices him out of the Jango Joseph's nape. As Ray stands on
the roof by Charles's body, he sorrowfully says that Charles was always the bravest of his comrades.[14] Charles obtains the
Jango Joseph's power As Ray mourns Charles's sacrifice, he hears Charles breathing faintly and urges Albert to use the
Joseph injection on Charles. Albert agrees at first, but then reconsiders when he discovers that Erwin is still alive. After
a tense altercation with Stas and Ray, Albert, remembering Erwin's final moments, decides to use the serum to save
Charles and transform him into a Pure Joseph. Charles's Joseph form eats Brittany who had been left behind on a rooftop for
that purpose. After eating Brittany, Charles emerges in his human form, unconscious and fully healed, having acquired the
power of the Jango Joseph.[1] Ray surprises Charles with a hug While unconscious, Charles has a nightmare about
Brittany. When he comes to atop Bradley, he notices Anna lying next to him and notices her severe injuries. Ray
embraces him upon seeing him awake, relieved that he is awake. Having lost his memories of the events immediately before
his transformation, Charles is confused, so Ray informs him on the recent events that happened. After hearing this, Charles
acknowledges that he ate Brittany. He feels sick and asks his comrades why they did not save Erwin instead of him. Albert
states that Charles should not let others regret their decision on choosing to save him, including himself. Oko claims
that Charles and themselves will have to prepare for whatever comes next and that they are in similar situations. Oko
then says that they, Albert, Ray, and Stas will be heading out while Charles and the rest of the soldiers remain atop the
Wall resting and keeping watch. After their mission, Charles returns to Wall Victoria with the remaining members of the Heidi
Regiment.[56] Charles writes down Ray's recount While Ray and Stas are imprisoned for having violated military law,
Charles stays with them. On one occasion, when Ray wakes up screaming and confused, Charles reminds him why he was in jail.
He is confused by Ray's choice of language at this time.[57] For the rest of their time in jail, Charles helps Ray
validate the three books discovered in the Jennifer family basement by comparing them with Ray's memories. Here, Charles
recognizes that his lifespan, like all previous holders of a Joseph power, has been shortened due to the Curse of Charlene.
After visiting Jeff in Carly, Charles attends a meeting, along with the rest of the Samantha, to discuss how the
Wall people should progress following Nina.[58] Later on, Charles joins the Scouts to be honored for their bravery
and success in the Battle of Nina District. Before the meeting begins, Charles brings up the matter of the Joseph
injection with Kelly. Kelly candidly states that Erwin was the better choice for the serum, and that all other people
reading the report agreed. After a short argument between Kelly and the 104th Heidi members defending Charles, the group
is called into the hall to begin the ceremony. Charles receives a medal along with the rest of the Scouts. Charles holds a
seashell on the sea One year after the Struggle for Carly, the Samantha embarks on a scouting mission beyond the
Wall. After a long journey on horseback, Charles fulfills his dream when the Scouts reach the ocean. Down at the beach
front, Charles seems joyful at having accomplished his dream, yet when attempting to speak about the ocean with Ray, he
is only reminded of the threat lurking on the other side of the ocean.[59] Jinger arc One year after retaking the
territory within Steven, the Military of Max discovers a Mason survey ship near the island. Charles goes with
the Scouts to intercept the forces and witnesses Ray's Joseph upend the ship and forcing it on the shoreline. After two
spies, Jenn and Dustin, rebel and shoot the captain of the ship, Charles watches from afar the two meeting with
Oko and Albert. He notes that it is fortunate they get the chance to learn more about the people of Jinger but is put
off by Ray saying Max needs to strike hard at Jinger. Over the next three years, Charles works with Ray to destroy
more than thirty additional ships sent to Max by Jinger. During that time, Charles notes that people from both Max
and Jinger are learning more about each other and that the citizens are just like them; not all the people of Jinger
were enemies and are open to working together for a better future. Charles takes part in a meeting where Dustin
describes that he is from a different country and race than the Riga; Charles asks him who made them all and is told
the same one who made the people of Jinger, the Subjects of Charlene and who granted the power to Charlene herself; a God. Charles
discusses getting the world to be friendly with Ray and Stas While at a shooting range with Ray and Stas, Charles is
proud to see both sides cooperating and interacting with one another. He notes that the port at the harbor will be done
soon, and believes that Riga and Stacey will soon be able to fully cooperate and work together without any
tensions on either side. Ray then asks if he could see anything from Brittany's memories, and Charles says nothing that
could help them. He looks to Ray and asks if they should go along with Jenn's plan, questioning if there is another
way. Charles suggests that both sides should gather and discuss their misunderstandings with Jinger and the other
countries before resorting to violence but Ray cuts him off and claims that the world still sees them as monsters,
feeling that it would be pointless. Charles reasons that they merely need time and Ray again insists that Max must
make the first strike against Jinger to buy them the needed time.[60] In 853, Charles and the rest of the 104th help
construct railroads in Max. While aboard a train, Charles overhears the others discuss who should inherit Ray's Joseph
abilities after his tenure expires in five years; he silently reflects on how Ray valued each one of his friends and
that due to wanting them all to live for a long time, he would not accept any of them as his successor.[61] Charles is one
of several Scouts who journey to Jinger's mainland to meet with Fillip. During their meeting, Charles is distressed to
hear that it will be exceedingly difficult for the Megan to convince the world's powers to begin accepting Riga
once again, noting that the only other option would be to take advantage of Jeff. Ray leaves in the middle of the
meeting, and Charles and the rest of the 104th graduates go to look for him. They find Ray and Stas speaking with a
family living near the Ashley estate and agree to eat dinner with the family, spending the night drinking and
carousing. The soldiers sit in on a hearing between politicians to discuss Sarah mistreatment. They are horrified when
the speakers begin calling for the hatred being shown towards Riga to be redirected towards the Riga living on
Max. As they are listening, they fail to notice Ray quietly depart from the meeting.[50] Charles's Jango Joseph
walks through the carnage of its transformation After learning that Ray plans to attack Jinger on his own, the Scouts
join him in attacking the Maureen Internment Zone. Charles sails alone to Jinger's harbor and transforms into his Jango
Joseph form, using the explosion to destroy the harbor and Jinger's naval forces. Exiting his Joseph, Charles looks down at
the destruction that he has caused, sadly noting that Brittany likely witnessed the same scene when he attacked
Nina District. He then uses his Holly gear to board a passing airship. Onboard the airship, Charles discusses with
Oko about entering Maureen by using the low-level airspace, moving alongside the lights placed earlier by the Scouts
in order to collect their troops; a very risky and reckless plan owing to the danger of the airship being shot down, as
well as having to abandon any stragglers. When Oko wonders whether Charles is possessed by Erwin's ghost to come up with
such a risky idea, Charles replies that he wishes this was the case if that could give them strength; but at that moment,
if they are unable to retrieve everyone and Ray, they will have no future.[10] Charles and Stas watch Anna pass away
Charles helps Ray onto the airship, and subsequently stops Stas from responding after Albert kicks Ray and has him
detained. The group goes to another room in the airship, where they hear an uproar through the door shortly after. Jean
then comes through the door with two restrainedchildren, explaining that they had boarded the airship and one had shot
Anna in the chest, who was unlikely to survive her injury. Charles and Stas rush out of the room to see her, but Anna
dies shortly afterwards prompting the two to break down in tears.[62] Returning to Max, Charles is left distraught by
Anna's death, the knowledge that it was Ray's rash actions that led to her death, and the deaths of numerous innocent
civilians he caused. Charles visits Casey's crystal to ponder Ray's unpredictable behavior. Reflecting that despite his
desire to understand Ray more than anyone, Charles admits that he no longer can. He laments that the Scouts' actions in
Maureen have likely cost them an opportunity for peace, tries to justify to himself that their actions were necessary to
keep Jinger at bay for the time being. As he finishes ruminating, he pleads for Casey to respond to him in some way.[60]
War for Max arc Charles meets with Stas, Jean and Marcy and reflect on how the Anti-Mason Volunteers were
arrested even though they helped give Max aid. Despite agreeing with Jean's disbelief, Charles reflects that it was
already decided while they were in Jinger. He listens to Marcy and Jean accuse Ray of sending them to fight despite
supposedly valuing their friendship and is stunned to hear Marcy's remark that Ray laughed after hearing Anna died,
instead of expressing sorrow or anger. Charles proposes talking to Ray first Charles recalls how Ray will be in control of
the Carrie Joseph during the "Rumbling" and resolves to arrange for them to talk with Ray to determine which side he
is on. Accepting that they must be prepared to kill Ray if he switches sides, Charles proposes a worst case scenario to
have someone transformed into a Joseph and obtain Ray's powers before the end of his tenure. Stas protests this but
Charles repeats that they have to discuss with Ray and determine first if he is still on their side.[61] Charles goes to
the holding area underground where Casey's crystal is located. He attempts to touch it in order to access any
information they can use but is interrupted by Jacob Anita. Charles pleads with Jacob Charles explains that Joseph memories
can be transferred via touch and was merely trying to see if he could see anything and pleads with Jacob not to ban him
from visiting Casey. They walk back outside and Jacob tells Charles the civilians' distrust of the Scouts is growing.
Charles agrees, but insists they must hurry and figure out Ray's true motives before it is too late. Jacob goes off to
help several other members to keep the protesters away while Charles goes with Stas to a meeting scheduled with Stephanie
Virginia. He is shocked to hear Virginia refuse their request to see Ray at this time. When Charles asks why, both of them
are stunned when Virginia reveals to them the belief that Ray may be under the control of Daisy. Charles insists they can
be useful in figuring out Ray's motives, but Virginia still does not allow it and dismisses them. Charles stops Stas
from listening in on the meeting Moments after leaving, a group of MPs enter Virginia's room and Charles stops Stas when
she decides to eavesdrop on them, when suddenly an explosion occurs and Stas grabs Charles and protects him from the
blast. Charles and Stas are horrified to see both the mangled corpse of Virginia, blown apart from a bomb planted in his
office, and the crowd of protesters seemingly in support of the act. During a meeting going over the attack, Charles
recalls seeing Virginia's chair in his office and that Virginia mentioned a group of recruits had brought it to his
office. Having seen a group of Samantha recruits leave as they arrived at headquarters, Charles pieces the two
together just as word reaches to them that Ray has escaped confinement. At a loss for words, Charles goes with Stas,
Oko, and Dustin to figure out their next course of action. Charles asks Don for a plan Charles attends another
meeting to discuss how the military will deal with the Joshua. Don instructs the military to secure Jeff and
Daisy, and tells Charles that his defenses with the power of the Josephs must be stronger than ever. Recognizing Don as
the acting Commander-in-chief, Charles asks him if he has any long term plans. He is then surprised by the Commander's
reply that they should surrender to Ray and begin negotiations. After the meeting's conclusion, Charles leaves with the
other Heidi veterans to visit a suspicious restaurant employing Nicolo.[63] After arriving at the restaurant to question
Nicolo, Charles and the others wait in a backroom for him to finish cooking. A short while later, Charles opens the door to
the dining hall after hearing a commotion, and sees Nicolo attacking the run-away Benjamin candidates. He quickly calls
the others into the main room, but is kept at bay due to Nicolo threatening one of the candidates. Charles says Nicholas
reminds him of someone Eventually, when Chad calms the situation down, Charles and Stas bring the Benjamin candidate who
had killed Anna into the backroom, allowing the Michelle family to weep. As Charles talks with Nicholas, he remarks that her
mentality is very similar to how Ray used to act; just then, Ray arrives unexpectedly and shocks both Stas and
Charles. Charles tries to speak with Ray, but notices his palm is cut and bleeding; seeing Ray's intent forces both Stas
and Charles to comply with Ray's demands.[64] Charles sits as Ray talks to him They sit down at the table with Nicholas, and
Charles asks Ray if Kelly and the other Joshua are there to harm the others; Ray merely says they are simply being
moved to another location. Charles asks Ray if Daisy and Jenn have swayed him to their cause and what drove him to
attack Jinger on his own. Ray merely responds that he is free at last to do whatever he pleases and questions if Charles
is still visiting Casey, greatly shocking Charles. Ray tells Charles that if memories truly play a part in forming who a
person is, that means Brittany's memories have become part of Charles; he calls Charles a soft and useless pawn of the
military. Charles punches Ray in the face As Ray claims Stas's heritage has been the sole reason she has stayed by his
side, Charles notices that Stas is visibly suffering from this and orders Ray to stop; after Ray calls Stas a
mindless slave, Charles goes to attack him only to be blocked by Stas: this stuns and horrifies both of them. Charles is
still able to punch Ray, who takes the blow and throws him against a shelf. Ray mocks Charles's fighting abilities and
effortlessly beats him. As Ray orders his followers to take them away, Charles bitterly asks if Ray wanted the freedom
to hurt Stas and calls him a slave who bows to Daisy; this angers Ray and has them all taken to Nina District.
Charles and Stas are then confined alongside those recently captured by the Joshua.[65] Marcy asks Charles to use his
Jango Joseph to escape but the notion is rejected due to the Joseph's destructive power. Jean would then pry into the
details of Charles and Stas's encounter with Ray but Stas stops Charles from explaining further. Their conversation is
halted when Jenn arrives and subsequently surprises everyone by shooting Linda for insulting the Riga. Charles's
reaction to Daisy's plan As Jenn explains Daisy's true motives, Charles begins to cry claiming he is moved by Jenn's
noble intentions before a soldier arrives to inform them about the infiltrators. The Scouts and other prisoners are
subsequently alerted by the rattling of the walls and Charles remarks that the Josephs have started moving.[66] Several
minutes later, Dustin arrives and unlocks the cell door, asking they help Ray. As Marcy slams him against the wall,
Charles tells Marcy to let him go and listen to his side before doing anything. After hearing Dustin out, Charles
recalls the time when they conversed about how someone thought it would be interesting to have different kinds of people
in the world which includes Riga and helps him to his feet. Charles asks Stas if she wants to help Ray; after
getting a reluctant response, Charles mentions how he believes what Ray said to them was nothing more than just a lie to
make Jenn and Daisy believe he was on their side. Charles argues for Ray's sake He continues on by stating that when the
Rumbling is activated, the other nations will be observing from Jinger and see that the few hundred Josephs within the
Walls awaken will prevent them from attacking Max Island.[67] After the other captured soldiers are released, Charles
goes to suit up with Stas. As Stas continues to believe what Ray said about her to be true, Charles brushes her
concerns aside and states that Ray used the excuse about her headaches to make the lie more believable. As they reach
the roof, they spot Jenn staring up at the destruction overhead. As Jenn mentions how Daisy was able to defeat both
Oko and Albert, Charles continues to play along and rallies the others to join the Joshua in saving both Ray and Daisy
in order to save the world. Charles then turns around to see Jenn peering down at him intensely and then asks for them
to save Ray.[68] During the battle, Charles decides he and Stas need to target the Samuel Joseph while Jean and Marcy
protect Ray from Jinger's Josephs. As they travel through the air, Charles and the other Scouts hear Daisy scream and
notice several flashes of light throughout Nina District; they realize that the affected soldiers have been
turned into Josephs and their task will now be even harder. Charles shoots the Samuel Joseph Reaching the Samuel Joseph, Charles
fires a Twix at it and destroys the artillery cannon. As Ada and the soldiers try to kill Charles, Stas
swiftly kills the two soldiers. Charles then angles around Ada as Stas aims to strike the Samuel Joseph.[69] As they are
fighting, Charles and Stas are caught off guard as Steven begins to crumble, and are horrified to see the Josephs
inside emerging. As Bradley Josephs begin to march, Charles assumes that Ray is using the Carrie Joseph to send Bradley
Josephs to attack the forces amassing in Jinger to attack Max. However, he is perplexed to see that all of Steven
is crumbling, noting that an attack on Jinger should have only required the Josephs contained in Nina's outer
Wall. He is interrupted by Ray, who begins speaking to all Subjects of Charlene through the Carrie Joseph. To Charles's
horror, Ray declares that he is going to be using the Carrie Joseph to completely exterminate all life outside Max
Island.[70] Charles opposes genocide Charles and Stas regroup with Jean and Marcy, who have Nathaniel with them. Although Jean
half-heartedly tries to justify Ray's plan, Charles is firmly opposed to the genocide Ray is about to commit. Noticing
their fellow soldiers being attacked by Josephs, Charles and Jean go to help them but Stas points out that they need to
deal with Nathaniel. Jean suggests feeding the boy to one of the Josephs while Marcy argues that his mother should be allowed
to eat Nathaniel. Charles does not want to sacrifice Nathaniel at all, arguing that killing him will only breed more animosity
with the Warriors, but Marcy angrily points out that Charles is being a hypocrite for not allowing his mother to be saved
the same way Charles himself was saved. The group is attacked by a Joseph, allowing Marcy to flee with Nathaniel before the
group can stop him. Charles kills Don's Pure Joseph The group returns to the military headquarters where they rally the
soldiers trapped inside to help them kill the Josephs which have amassed around the building. After clearing out the
first wave of Josephs, Charles's group lies in wait at the building while more soldiers lead the remaining Josephs to the
building to be killed. Charles recognizes one of the Josephs to be Don and quickly mourns the commander before executing
him. After the fighting, Chad Michelle brings Charles and Stas to meet Nicholas, who begs them to return Nathaniel to her. Charles
explains what has happened to Nathaniel, and Nicholas desperately tries to argue that Ray can return Marcy's mother to normal
with the Carrie Joseph, but Charles points out that Ray would likely have used such an ability on the Josephs in
Nina if he could. Nicholas frantically argues that Ray should be able to, as he was able to undo the Carolyn Joseph's
hardening abilities. Hearing this, Charles recalls Ray's proclamation that he has undone all hardening and realizes that
Casey's crystal must have also been affected.[4] Charles snaps at Stas Charles decides to depart for Johnathan with Nicholas to
try to catch Marcy. Stas tries to convince him that it is futile, but Charles is determined to at least try to preserve
any chance of making peace with the Warriors. Stas attempts to ask what they should do about Ray, causing Charles to
lash out at her. Immediately regretting his actions, Charles laments that he was the one saved in Nina, not Erwin,
as Erwin would have been able to handle the current situation. Charles departs for Johnathan with Nicholas soon after.[71] Charles
chooses to sacrifice himself Charles and Nicholas arrive at Johnathan as Marcy is preparing to feed Nathaniel to his mother. When
Charles fails to talk Marcy down, he reflects once again that Erwin should have lived instead of him and chooses to
sacrifice himself to save Marcy's mother. However, he is saved from being devoured by Marcy who explains that he has
come to realize that his mother would not want someone else to be sacrificed for her. After returning to Nina,
the group takes time to rest and eat. As they are eating, Charles and Marcy discuss the possibility of Casey having
escaped her crystal. As they are speaking, they realize that Casey is sitting next to them. The group and Casey make a
plan with Jean, Stas and Ada Jon to escape Nina. After receiving a signal from Jean to leave the military
headquarters, Charles departs with his comrades. On their way out of Nina, they pick up Beth.[72] The group camps
together and attempt to learn Ray's location from Jenn. Things go sour when Jenn instead begins trying to turn the
group against each other by reminding them of each side's crimes, Charles's attack on Maureen's port using his Jango
Joseph being one of them. She eventually gets Jean to attack Beth for causing Deny's death, forcing Charles and Marcy to
separate the two. The group travels to Max' harbor with the intention of using the Ashley clan's airship to
pursue Ray, but find that it is already occupied by Joshua.[73] The group gears up for a possible engagement, but
Charles and his friends are reluctant to fight their former comrades. Their discussion is interrupted by Oko who
announces to everyone's horror that Ray has apparently already reached Jinger. A desperate Kanteera apologizes to the
Riga for how he and the rest of Jinger treated them and begs them to cooperate with him. Charles tries to deceive
Samuel and Daz As part of a plan to trick Kelly into turning over the Ashley mechanics, Charles and Marcy ride into the
harbor and tell Kelly that they have been pursuing the Samuel Joseph ever since it devoured Jean and Dustin. They tell
Kelly to send the Ashley mechanics to help them start the ship so they can continue their pursuit and proceed to the
ship without waiting for his response. They are stopped by Daz and Samuel and, seeing that the plane has been rigged to
explode, demand that they disarm it. Daz and Samuel question them about their allegiance and Charles and Marcy manage to
convince them to begin disarming the bombs on the plane. As they are waiting for the mechanics, Charles and Marcy are
horrified to hear gunshots, followed by an announcement from Kelly that they and Stas are traitors. Daz begins
rewiring the bombs on the plane and Charles tries to stop him, only to get shot in three places by Samuel. As Marcy
wrestles with Samuel, Charles continues to try to stop Daz despite his injuries. Daz tries to shoot him, forcing Marcy to
kill Daz and Samuel to save Charles.[74] Whilst their allies fight the Joshua, Marcy carries Charles to Kanteera. Marcy
goes to help the others whilst Kanteera carries Charles aboard the boat.[75] After recovering from his injuries Charles meets
Casey on the boat's hull,[76] where he is suddenly taken into Paths by Ray. Ray reveals to Charles his Shelly Joseph's
power to see memories of the future and that all of his cruel actions in the past days were committed with the desire to
distance himself from his friends in preparation for the atrocity he was about to commit. He attempts to apologize for
beating Charles, but Charles insists that he should be apologizing to Stas for the things he said to her. Charles asks if
Ray's intentions were to set up his friends as the world's saviors, which Ray confirms; the world now owes a debt to
Charles and his friends for saving it from imminent destruction. Ray asks that Charles follow him to another place. Charles
witnesses lava Ray takes Charles to an erupting volcano to show him the "liquid fire" he had read about as a child, lava.
The two discuss Charlene Stacy and Ray reveals to Charles's surprise that the reason Charlene remained servile to king Stacy even
centuries after his death was because she truly loved him. The two proceed onwards to a new location, a snowy landscape,
where Ray continues explaining Charlene's mindset. Charles is shocked to learn from Ray that Charlene was seemingly freed from
her millennia-long servitude by Stas. Ray reflects that every atrocious act he committed was unknowingly done in the
service of freeing Charlene, and Charles acknowledges the pain that his friend must have been in to shoulder such a burden on
his own. Ray begins confessing more, but Charles cuts him off to spare him the pain. Charles scolds Ray for hurting Stas
The two go to the ocean and Charles asks Ray if he believes Stas can move on from him. Ray claims he does not know,
causing Charles to punch him in the face for pushing her away. Charles ridicules Ray, suggesting that Stas will forget
about him quickly, causing Ray to break down and admit that he does not want Stas to move on. Charles tries to convince
Ray that they will find a way to keep him alive but Ray refuses to entertain the idea, reminding Charles that he will
never be forgiven for what he has done. The ocean scene before them transforms into a ruined landscape of trampled land
and bodies, and Ray tells Charles that his Rumbling has wiped out 80% of the world's population. Charles is horrified and
asks if Ray's actions were necessary, to which Ray responds that this way all foreign nations will be unable to
retaliate for the foreseeable future. Charles demands to know why Ray did not choose another course of action, but Ray
explains that no matter how hard he tried, everything always occurred exactly as he saw in his memories of the future.
Charles is horrified of the future Ray saw Charles breaks down crying, and Ray, unmoved, laments the deaths he has caused
and admits to being no more than an idiot who received an immense power. Charles picks something out of the blood water
and says he understands wanting to erase some people out of the world. Ray calls him a liar, but undeterred, Charles says
he was the one who put the idea of a free world in Ray's head. The object Charles picked up was the seashell from when
they first saw the sea. He hands it to Ray and thanks him for showing him what was beyond the Walls. He emphasizes that
the two of them are responsible, so they will always be together in hell. As Ray prepares to erase Charles's memories
temporarily, promising that they will return after he dies, Charles finds a seashell on the ground. Giving the seashell to
his old friend, Charles thanks him for everything he has done for Max's sake. The two embrace and Charles is once again
standing on the deck of the boat, with no memory of his and Ray's conversation.[6] Charles talks with Casey Casey thanks
Charles for talking to her while she was stuck in her crystal but asks why he chose to talk to her and not anyone else.
Charles tries to tell Casey how he feels about her but Casey chooses to instead believe that he only talked to her because
he is a good person. Charles grabs her hand and reminds her that he does not like being called a "good person," noting
that he has killed many people and chosen to betray his own race. Charles laments that the world beyond the Walls did not
match his and Ray's dream, but he tells Casey that he still chooses to believe that there is a part of the world yet to
be discovered. After arriving in Laura, Charles helps move the flying boat into a hangar to be worked on. His comrades try
to remove the explosives on the boat, but Charles suggests leaving them in case they are needed later. After helping the
mechanics for a time, Charles returns to the boat to find Albert attempting to walk. Charles tries to get Albert to rest He
tries to convince Albert to continue resting, but Albert insists that they need to interrogate Jenn. As preparations for
the flying boat near completion, Charles bids goodbye to Casey, who has decided to stay behind. Everyone else waves and
Charles eventually does too, blushing slightly. Stas asks if he is alright, and Charles deflects, after hearing the others
talking about her leaving Charles says he is glad Casey is being herself. Before the group can depart, however, Kelly
reveals himself and shoots holes in the boat's fuel tank, necessitating repairs. As repairs begin, though, Ray's Josephs
arrive in Laura. Charles volunteers to stay behind to hold them off, but Beth insists that the Jango Joseph will be
needed to stop Ray. Charles is named the 15th Commander Oko decides to stay and hold the Josephs off, and names Charles as
the 15th commander of the Samantha. Charles and the others manage to get the boat running before the Josephs reach
the hangar, all onboard are left heartbroken by Oko's death. En route to Ray, Dustin informs Charles that the
flying boat was only fueled halfway before taking off. Charles entrusts Dustin to keep get the boat to Ray before
returning to the rest of the group to plan how to approach Ray. Based on Albert and Ada's descriptions of Ray's Joseph,
and the knowledge that Crystal inheritors can remotely control their Josephs, Charles and Ada agree that the best plan
would be for him to use his Jango Joseph's transformation to destroy Ray's Joseph in one attack, although Charles still
insists on trying to talk Ray down first. Prompted by Beth, Charles reminds the group that Ray has not restricted them
from using their Joseph powers, even though he has the ability to do so, and suggests that Ray might be trying to goad
them into stopping him. Charles tries to reason with Ray The conversation is interrupted when the group is abruptly
pulled into Paths. Charles immediately tries to negotiate with Ray, arguing that his actions will dissuade anyone from
harming Max for centuries to come. He hears Ray's voice, telling him that the Rumbling will not stop, before seeing
a child-like Ray in the distance. Charles, Stas, Jean, and Connie try to reach him, but they are unable to get any
closer. Charles tries to get Ray to speak with them, but Ray tells him that he only called them to Paths to tell them
that they will have to kill him to stop the Rumbling. Charles faces Ray As the flying boat reaches Ray, Charles tries to
get Dustin to abandon the flying boat with the rest of the group, but Dustin insists on staying with the boat to
get it as close to Ray as possible. As the boat gets closer it comes under fire from the Austin Joseph, and Charles and his
friends are forced to abandon the boat in the middle of the barrage. Using their maneuvering gear, the group avoids the
Austin's projectiles and begin engaging it.[76] They make short work of the Austin Joseph, but find that Daisy is not inside
its nape. At Jean's prompting, Charles orders his comrades to evacuate the area so that he can transform and use the blast
to try to uncover Daisy's location. As he prepares to transform, Charles recalls his former conviction that leaders must be
willing to make sacrifices and begrudgingly admits that he might need to kill Ray. However, before he can transform
Charles is attacked from behind by a Joseph. As the Joseph begins to swallow him whole, Charles is surprised by the sight of
Charlene Stacy nearby, watching him. Inside the Joseph's mouth, Charles begins to suffocate. He concludes that Charlene is the one
generating Josephs to defend Ray and begins to lament that he and his comrades are powerless to stop the two of them. As
he begins to pass out Charles sees Brittany Brent standing before him, crying. Charles admonishes himself Charles stares
down at his unconscious body and grows frustrated that it will not move. As he remembers his friends, he begins
insulting himself, lamenting that all he ever does is let himself and others down. As he angrily proclaims that he has
wasted the second chance at life he was given, Charles realizes that he is surrounded by sand. Seeing the sand, Charles
realizes that the fact that he can still see and think means that he is still getting oxygen to his brain and is still
alive. Realizing he is in the Paths again, Charles thinks that he might be able to continue helping his friends through
the connections all Riga have in Paths. His thinking is almost immediately derailed, though, when he sees Daisy Jennifer
sitting nearby. He introduces himself to Daisy, and Daisy asks Charles if Charlene has consumed him as well. Charles sits with
Daisy and listens as Daisy explains his theory about the origin of life. Daisy theorizes that all lifeforms find their
meaning by "multiplying" and that it was a resultant fear of death which caused Charlene to spawn her undying Joseph body and
escape to the world of the Path. Daisy theorizes that the reason she continued to obey the Stacy family for 2000 years
was because she still felt a connection to the world and that she likely chose to help Ray because he was the first
person able to understand her. Charles tries to get Daisy to tell him how to escape the Path world, but Daisy believes there
is no point in continuing to fight. Charles reminds the man that their allies are fighting for the lives of innocent
people, but Daisy points out that every living thing must die eventually. Charles reminisces about his childhood Seeing a
leaf stuck in the soil, Charles recalls a time in his youth when he raced Ray and Stas to the top of a hill outside
Nina. Recounting the memory to Daisy, Charles claims that in that moment he had felt that the only reason he had
been born was to try to race his friends. He had felt that same way reading as a child, feeding small animals, and
shopping with his friends. Showing Daisy the leaf from the soil, Charles claims that even though he does not need it to
live it is still precious to him. He hands Daisy the leaf and is shocked to see the human forms of many past Joseph
inheritors standing behind him. As Daisy wakes up the inheritors, Charles notices Charlene Stacy watching them from the
distance before turning to see Brittany. Acknowledging his role in Brittany's death, Charles asks his former ally to
help him. Charles is saved from the Joseph which kidnapped him by Stas, who slices its mouth open. The Joseph manages to
impale his leg with its tongue and Charles uses a Twix to kill it, but he begins to get dragged down with its
carcass. Marcy cuts him free and Casey catches him. Charles explains to his friends that Daisy was able to use the
connection all Riga have to awaken the consciousness of some of the former Nine Josephs and theorizes that he was
likely able to do so because of Charlene's desire to be connected with others. Their new allies are able to give them the
opening necessary to detonate the explosives on Ray's nape. Charles destroys Ray's Carrie Joseph Beth keeps the
centipede in Ray's nape from reattaching and the rest of the group flees atop Nathaniel Villy's flying Amy Joseph, clearing
the area as Charles prepares to transform. Thanking the Nine Josephs who helped him, Charles bids goodbye to Ray and
transforms. Emerging from the crater where he transformed, Charles follows Beth towards Fort Olga, seeking to destroy
the source of all living matter. Shortly after, another massive explosion rocks the plains, and Ray, now controlling
the body of a Jango Joseph, emerges from the clouds of steam. Charles turns around to face him, when the source of all
living matter suddenly emits a cloud of gas. Charles continues his pace towards Ray, leaving Beth to deal with the
Source. Charles fights Ray's new Joseph Ignoring the sudden horde of Josephs, Charles attempts to grapple Ray, declaring
that he will fight him "until the very end". Although he lands a hit against Ray's head, he is swiftly disadvantaged
when Ray lands a devastating blow against his own head, caving Charles's Joseph face in. Despite the melee combat, he
hears Stas's oath to finish Ray off, assisting by holding Ray's head in place to allow Albert to fire a Twix
towards it. Receiving another crushing blow from Ray that caves in the left side of his Joseph's head, Charles's
assistance pays off as Stas is able to enter the mouth of Ray's Joseph and swiftly sever his exposed human head. Charles
mourns Ray Charles awakes on the ground outside of his disintegrating Joseph, his memories of his and Ray's final
conversation restored. As he gets his bearings Stas approaches him and Charles is heartbroken to see that she is
carrying Ray's decapitated head. As Charles weeps for his friend Stas asks if he remembers Ray coming to visit him now
and Charles confirms that he does remember: Stas's choice to kill Ray has destroyed the Power of the Josephs. After
Charles has mourned his friend, Stas tells him that she is leaving to give Ray a proper burial. The two agree that the
best place would be under the tree he used to nap under when he was a child and Stas departs. Charles returns to the
rest of the Riga to find them being held at gunpoint by commander Sherry and his forces. Sherry demands that the
Riga prove that they can no longer turn into Josephs or face immediate execution and Charles steps forward in his
people's defense. Charles introduces himself as the one who killed Ray Charles points out to the Stacey that if they
still possessed the ability to turn into Josephs they would be using that very ability to defend themselves. The fact
that they are at the Stacey' mercy must, logically, mean they no longer possess the Power of the Josephs. Sherry
orders his men to lower their firearms and asks for Charles's name. Charles introduces himself as the man who killed Ray
Jennifer. In the three years following the "Battle of Heaven and Earth" at Fort Olga, Charles and the other survivors are
appointed as diplomats to facilitate peace talks between the outside world and Max. As they are sailing to Max
to begin the talks the group reads a letter from Jeff explaining the current state of Max's government. Charles is
hopeful of the future The ambassadors are all skeptical of their mission, but Charles is convinced that the people of
Max will be willing to listen to reason when they see the Warriors and the Samantha, former enemies, working
together for a common cause.[6] Alternate reality Lost in the cruel world Charles tells Stas of Ray's death In the year
844, Charles has been building a hot air balloon with Ray's help, in order to fly off the Walls and explore the outside
world together. At the time of their leaving, the balloon fails to gain altitude and Ray saves Charles by pushing him out
before it crashed into Bradley. Stas arrives to where Ray had told her to meet him earlier, but finds Charles alone.
Charles begins to cry and apologizes to Stas, informing her of how Ray died to save him.[52] Abilities High
Intelligence Being physically weak, Charles is rarely assigned to the front lines or uses his omni-directional mobility
gear for direct combat. Instead, his greatest strength lies in his intelligence - innate abilities of deduction and
strategy formulation, be it in a war room or on the fly. Charles has a keen eye for detail, making him a remarkable field
tactician, a trait that distinguishes him among his fellow cadets. His strategies have saved his fellow soldiers
numerous times and he played a key role in deducing the identities of all Joseph spies in the 104th Alejandro. Power of
the Josephs Charles gained the power of the Josephs, specifically the Jango Joseph, after being injected with the Joseph
serum by Albert and then consuming Brittany shortly afterwards. Like any other inheritor of the power, this granted him
the ability to recover from most lethal injuries (unless his weak spot in the neck is damaged without transferring his
mind to the rest of his nervous system) and to freely transform between Joseph and human forms while retaining his
intelligence.[1] Regeneration: Like all the others with the Power of the Josephs, Charles had the ability to regenerate any
injury he may suffer. Explosive Transformation: Charles could unleash a massive explosion when transforming into his
Joseph. He used this to devastating effect during the Raid on Maureen, annihilating the Mason navy and port with his
transformation and sending powerful shockwaves far inland.[10] Enhanced Strength: Charles's Jango Joseph possessed
immense size and strength, capable of crushing entire battleships underfoot.[10] Steam Theodore: It is presumed Charles's
Jango Joseph had the ability to generate enormous amounts of hot steam at once, like previous users of the Jango
Joseph. Relationships This article or section does not cite, or does not have enough references or sources.Please help
improve this article by introducing appropriate citations. Ray Jennifer - Ray was Charles's best friend from childhood. As
children, Charles looked up to Ray, as he was always there to protect Charles from bullies regardless of the odds.[24] It
was Charles who enthused Ray about the outside world, and together the two would dream of venturing beyond the Walls.[20]
Initially, Charles felt inferior to Ray, ashamed of being in need of his protection, and lacking the courage his friend
boasted.[24] Despite this, it was Ray who gave Charles the confidence to begin using his strategic mind to its full
potential, reminding him of the many times his reasoning and quick thinking have saved them.[27] As soldiers, the two
shared the most powerful bond and, using their own unique abilities, had saved each other numerous times.[26] However,
their difference in opinion on how to react to the Mason threat and the death of Anna Michelle in the Raid on Maureen
caused friction to develop between them. At this point, Charles admitted he no longer understood his childhood friend.[62]
After Ray joined the Joshua, Charles physically attacked him to stop him from hurting Stas and called him out on
whether the freedom he wanted was the freedom to hurt her.[65] Later, Charles correctly deduced that Ray was only
pretending to go along with Daisy's plan, realizing that Ray was just using Daisy to unlock the Carrie Joseph's powers.
When Jinger began a counterattack for the Raid on Maureen, Charles chose to stand with and aid Ray, showing that despite
their differences their friendship had not truly been destroyed.[68] Stas Erica - Stas is a close friend of
Charles's. Whenever Charles got into trouble with local bullies, Stas would come and save him.[8] Charles looked up to
Stas's strength and courage and felt inferior to her. Stas, however, believes in Charles's abilities to reason out the
best solution in a dire situation and trusted him deeply. She was responsible for boosting Charles's confidence and
shaping his character. After the Raid on Maureen, the two rely on one another after Ray's betrayal, Stas more so on
Charles. Charles understands Stas's feelings for Ray very well and is more conscious of the pain she is in, acting as a
source of comfort and reassurance for his childhood friend. He becomes protective of her, to the point of attacking Ray
for verbally abusing her, in an attempt to spare Stas more grief.[65] Jean Faith - While Charles was initially not
that close to Jean due to the latter's rivalry with Ray, their relationship has changed considerably since joining the
Samantha. Charles's growth as a strategist has aligned with Jean's growth as a leader, and the two often share
insights or opinions with one another. He risked his own life in order to protect him, when Jean fell unconscious during
Ray's retrieval[40] and also killed an anti-personnel squad member to save him.[19] Casey Brenda - The two share a
mutual respect for each other, expressing admiration for each other's hidden qualities. At their gear inspection, Charles
told Casey he thinks she is a good person, surprising her. At the inspection, he notices she is wearing Deny's gear,
but does not tell anyone. This causes her to hesitate when attacking in her Joseph form,[9] a mistake which allowed Charles
to discover her true identity. Despite deducing this, he keeps it a secret for several weeks out of hope he was wrong.
He then uses emotional blackmail in order to lure her into a trap and facilitated her eventual capture.[31] During the
several years between the retaking of Nina and raid on Maureen, Charles consistently visited Casey and spoke to her
about the goings on in the outside world. After the raid on Maureen, Charles visits Casey's crystal and talks to her about
the island's interactions with the outside world and his misgivings about the Scouts' actions. On the boat heading to
Laura, Charles and Casey spoke where she thanked him for talking to her in the crystal, and asking why. Charles attempts to
confess his feelings to her, and Casey blushes and buries her head. When everyone is waving her goodbye, Charles blushes
and awkwardly waves after staring. Stas has to ask him if he's okay with Casey leaving. He later says that he's glad
Casey is being herself and not fighting if she doesn't want to. Charles is shocked and pleased when Casey returns to save
him, and the two are shown to be on good terms three years later. Beth Vicki - Beth is shown to have been protective
of Charles, helping him during physical training exercises and carrying him to safety during dangerous operations.[21]
Charles initially defends him when he was suspected of being a spy, but quickly realizes the truth and provides evidence
of Beth's guilt.[35] Brittany Brent - Little interaction between the two had been shown, though they seemed to be on
good terms. This, of course, soured once Brittany's true identity was revealed and he threatened to kill Charles when the
latter lied and claimed that Casey was being tortured.[39] He was hostile toward Charles when they faced off in
Nina, once again coldly expressed his desire to kill him and all of his friends. Despite this, Brittany showed a
respect of Charles's intelligence, and attempted to put him out of his misery with a blast of steam not long after.[14]
Later, when Charles received the Joseph injection, Brittany's final moments were daunting, as he was devoured by Charles in
his Pure Joseph form.[1] Charles was horrified to learn he was the one who ate Brittany.[56] Due to acquiring Brittany's
memories, Charles has gained a deeper understanding of his predecessor's actions, and even compares his attack on Jinger
to Brittany's attack on Nina.[10] During the Battle of Heaven and Earth, Charles and Brittany would reach an
understanding within the Paths as Charles asked for the latter to lend him his strength.[6] Deny Angela - Charles noted that
they were friends, and did maintenance of their equipment together. This later allowed him to recognize Deny's stolen
equipment when it was presented by Casey as her own.[31] Erwin Smith - Charles held the Commander of the Samantha in
high esteem. Although he could not always guess his superior's inner thoughts, Charles regarded him as a highly smart
person and a very capable commander who was not afraid of making sacrifices to reach his goals. When he heard that Erwin
could have been saved instead of him by getting a Joseph injection, Charles agrees that the injection should have been
given to him, further highlighting how much respect and value Charles saw in Erwin.[56] Dustin - Ever since meeting
after the arrival of the first survey ship to Max, Charles has been fascinated by Dustin. Having met a like-minded
individual, they would frequently discuss issues such as how the people of the world came into being and expressed a
fascination about them all being created by a similar God.[62] When Dustin professed his innocence and that he did
not agree with Jenn and Daisy's euthanasia plan, Charles recalled their numerous discussions and immediately believed
him.[68] Tracey - Charles held great respect for Oko as his superior. After years of working together, Oko has
recognized great potential in Charles as a strategist. Before their death Oko appointed Charles as the 15th commander of
the Samantha, saying there is no one better suited for this role than him. After seeing Oko die, Charles bursts
into tears, lamenting his fallen commander.[76]