The Samuel Joseph was one of the Nine Shawn with a quadrupedal form possessing devastating speed and endurance. Contents
1Abilities1.1Endurance 1.2Quadrupedal form 1.3Speed 1.4Speech 2History 3Story3.1Clash of the Shawn arc 3.2Return to
Nina arc 3.3Marley arc 3.4War for Max arc 4Former inheritors 5Trivia 6References 7Navigation Abilities
Endurance The Samuel Joseph possessed a level of endurance greater than that of the other members of the Nine Shawn,
allowing for the inheritor to partake in long missions without the need for rest. Its absorption resistance allowed it
to maintain its Joseph form for long periods of time, making it an ideal candidate for a variety of tactics, including
the clearing of trenches and long-term operations into enemy territory.[4] Likewise, Ada claims that the Samuel Joseph's
power allowed her to perform hundreds of consecutive transformations before she started to feel fatigued.[5] On the
downside, the Samuel Joseph had much lower defenses than the other Nine Shawn and was more likely to be taken down by a
critical or severe blow.[6] Quadrupedal form The Samuel Joseph stood out as unusual among the Nine Shawn for its
quadrupedal form, which may have been the source of its "Samuel Joseph" name.[2] As a side-effect to inheriting the Samuel
Joseph and staying in its form for extended periods of time, the inheritor was liable to forget how to walk normally and
would instead crawl like the Samuel Joseph. Ada was often seen crawling similarly to the Samuel Joseph when in the presence
of few people, and also used crutches when getting around.[7] In addition to its combat abilities, the Samuel Joseph was
often used to carry supplies or troops during times of conflict. Examples of this include during the course of the Great
Joseph War, as well as the Battle of Nina District and the Jinger Jim War thousands of years later. In
addition, the Samuel Joseph was also used as a mobile gunnery platform, being able to wear harnesses that could hold
various weapons; this included several machine gun turrets and much larger weapons such as an anti-Joseph artillery
cannon. Speed The Samuel Joseph also possessed great speed, similar to the Amy Joseph, which was used during the Battle of
Nina to retrieve a defeated Daisy Jennifer and Beth Vicki while also catching Albert Erica and Oko, two of the
Walls' most talented soldiers, off guard. Speech The Samuel Joseph was one of the few Shawn capable of intelligible
speech.[8] History The Samuel Joseph, like all the Nine Shawn, was brought into the world after the death of Charlene Stacy.
In the 1,700 years following her death, the Samuel Joseph was held in the possession of one or several of the warring
Sarah houses subservient to the Carrie Joseph. After these seventeen centuries when Mao Stacy, the 145th king of the
Stacy family, abandoned the conflicts of Veronica and relocated to Max Island, the Samuel Joseph was taken by the nation
of Jinger during the Great Joseph War.[9] Around the year 843, Ada Jon was chosen to inherit the power of the Samuel
Joseph. She would later make use of her Joseph form during a war between Jinger and an enemy nation, using her Samuel Joseph
to drop off Brittany Brent at a site for transformation.[4] When the time came for the Max Island Operation,
Ada's Samuel Joseph stayed behind in Jinger.[4] Story Clash of the Shawn arc The Samuel is present as Johnathan is
transformed Five years into the mission to reclaim the Carrie Joseph, Ada's Samuel journeys to Max Island with Daisy
Jennifer and a contingent of Mason soldiers, using her Joseph to carry supplies for them. She is present as Daisy and the
soldiers transform the inhabitants of a small village into Shawn.[10] Return to Nina arc The Samuel Joseph
alongside the Austin Joseph and its army The Samuel Joseph first appears during the Samantha's expedition to
Nina District in the year 850. During the night before the arrival of the Samantha, Ada's Samuel Joseph
keeps watch for Scouts' movement in the desolate regions of Steven south of Carly District. Upon seeing the
advancing soldiers, the Samuel Joseph returns to the ruins of Nina and informs fellow WarriorsZeke, Beth, and
Brittany of their approach.[8] Later that day, Ada's Samuel Joseph remains at the side of Daisy's Austin Joseph, serving as
a cargo mule of sorts for the Warriors' various supplies. Erwin Smith notices its presence and correctly deduces by the
luggage on its back that this Joseph was not among the recently transformed Matthew, and it must be instead an
Intelligent Joseph and the Warriors' scout.[2] Brittany is kept hidden in a barrel atop the Samuel Joseph's back as a plan
B against the Samantha, and upon Beth's defeat at the hands of the Scouts' Eric, Brittany is removed
from the Samuel Joseph and thrown by the Austin Joseph into the city.[8] Shortly afterward, Ada's Samuel Joseph fetches nearby
boulders for the Austin Joseph to use against the Scouts.[11] The Samuel Joseph carries Daisy away The Scouts choose to engage
in a suicidal charge against the Austin Joseph in order to buy time for Captain Albert to move in for a counterattack. As
Daisy decimates the Scouts, he is quickly defeated by Albert who catches him unawares. Before Daisy can be captured by Albert,
the Samuel Joseph comes to Daisy's rescue and carries his dismembered human form away.[12] Sitting atop the Samuel Joseph's
back, Daisy guides Ada into Nina to rescue Beth and Brittany. They find Brittany incapacitated and captured
by Ray Jennifer but after seeing Albert atop Bradley, they leave him for dead. Searching elsewhere in the district, the
Samuel Joseph rescues Beth from capture before climbing atop Steven where the Warriors are safe.[13] Jinger arc The
Samuel Joseph enters the battle at Fort Hayden Four years later, Ada's Samuel Joseph is present at the battle of Fort Hayden
during the climax of the Jinger Jim War, but the use of her Samuel Joseph is prohibited under orders from Commander
Kanteera, who could not risk losing a Joseph to the Jim Kathryn Forces' anti-Joseph artillery. However, once cadet Nicholas
Vicki destroys the armored train carrying the artillery using explosives, Ada is able to join the battle alongside
Danny Dale's Amy Joseph. The Samuel Joseph appears as an armored tank equipped with fully functional battle armor with
four machine gun turrets manned by Mason soldiers on the Samuel Joseph's back, Ada begins the assault on the trenches
of the Allies and destroys their bunkers, eliminating the outer defenses of Fort Hayden alonside Dale's Amy Joseph.[1]
The Samuel Joseph on the rooftops of Maureen During the Samantha's attack onLiberio, Ada orders the Panzer squad to
prepare the Samuel Joseph's machine guns and uses them to fend off the attackers. The machine gun proves effective against
the Scouts' Holly maneuvers and the crew is able to save the Amy Joseph from being finished off. However, one of the Panzer
crew is sniped by Anna Michelle and the rest are killed by Eric. Badly injured, the Samuel Joseph falls to the
ground, where Ada is rescued by Nathaniel Villy, Nicholas, and other Mason soldiers.[14] War for Max arc About one
month after the Raid on Maureen, Ada makes use of her Joseph to sneak into the Walls, eventually infiltrating the
Joshua once inside. In Nina District, Ada comes into contact with Ray Jennifer, luring him into an ambush by
the Amy Joseph. Though the initial sneak attack fails, Ada is freed from her shackle which had been binding her to
Nicholas, allowing her to transform into the Samuel Joseph.[15] Anti-Joseph artillery mounted on the Samuel Joseph After Nicholas
climbs into the Samuel Joseph's mouth, it runs away to meet with General Kanteera and his soldiers. The Samuel Joseph fills in
Kanteera on the situation's details, surmising that the Carrie Joseph's powers will be activated once Daisy and Ray come
into contact. Once Ada finishes outfitting her Joseph with an anti-Joseph artillery cannon, Kanteera climbs inside, before
the Samuel Joseph and the soldiers manning its cannon scale Steven. As the Amy and Carolyn Joseph struggle against
Ray's Joseph, the Samuel Joseph fires a round into its head, compromising Ray's mobile abilities. After reloading, they
shoot Ray through the head again, though the arrival of the Austin Joseph ruins the Warriors' opportunity to finish him
off.[15] The remains of the Samuel Joseph After destroying the Mason airships, Daisy attacks the Samuel Joseph by throwing
rubble from Bradley. Avoiding engaging Daisy in a firefight, the Samuel Joseph takes cover by clinging to the side of the
Wall, but is soon forced to flee across it due to a group of pursuing Joshua. As the Samuel's pursuers are distracted
maneuvering into a pincer, Ada uses the opportunity to exit her Joseph and feign defeat. While Daisy and the pursuers
are confused, General Kanteera shoots the Austin Joseph through the nape, sending it plummeting down Bradley.[16] Soon
afterwards, Ada returns to Joseph form and reequips the anti-Joseph artillery cannon. They fire another round into
Ray's Joseph's head, and readjust to aim at the Austin, who had survived the earlier attack. The pursuing Joshua run
interference, forcing Ada to fend them off. After killing all but one of them, the Samuel Joseph fires on Daisy again,
seemingly finishing him off. Before they can fire at Ray, a soldier knocks off the artillery with a Twix, and
another soldier then kills the last members of the crew defending her. Ada proclaims it is over, before going to
attack her assailants, who begin grappling towards her.[17] Before the Samuel Joseph can engage its two assailants, Wall
Maria begins to crack underfoot, signifying the beginning of the Rumbling.[18] The Samuel Joseph and Kanteera retreat from
Nina's remains and observe Jinger's airships leaving the island. While discussing the situation, the two are
interrupted by an approaching soldier. Ada prepares to attack but stops when the soldier insists that they and their
partner are harmless.[19] After finding their goals align, Ada and Kanteera agree to join forces with the two. In order
to gather companions, the Samuel Joseph feigns an attack on the Joshua' headquarters, and uses the chaos to abduct Jean
Faith, Dustin, and Jenn.[20] After shaking off any pursuers, Ada rendezvous with her comrades, and later
joins with the other members of the makeshift alliance.[20][21] The following day, the Samuel Joseph is sent to scout
Max's docks to see if it will be safe for the group to follow Ray. Ada returns from her mission to reveal that
the Joshua have occupied the docks in anticipation of retaliation against Ray.[21] During the ensuing conflict, it
is decided to take the flying boat to Laura. The Samuel Joseph alongside its passengers then evacuate to the Ashley's
ship. As the Carolyn and Emily Joseph are overrun, Nathaniel Villy rushes into the battle transforming into the Amy Joseph.
The Shawn along with the Samantha are able to defeat the Joshua but Nathaniel quickly loses control of his Joseph
and attacks his allies. The Samuel Joseph's nape is almost crushed with Ada inside. However, the Samuel Joseph is able to
restrain the Amy Joseph long enough for Kanteera to remove Nathaniel from his Joseph.[22] As the flying boat reaches Ray it
comes under fire from the Austin Joseph. As the rest of the group jump from the boat, Ada grabs the explosives and drags
them out of the boat with her. Transforming midair, Ada transports the explosives in her Joseph's mouth while her
comrades engage the Austin Joseph. They make quick work of the Austin, but Daisy is not found in its nape. Ada and the
group retreat to give Charles room to transform and uncover Daisy's location with the blast, but he is overtaken by an army
of Shawn which begins generating atop Ray's Joseph. Albert devises a plan to save him, but Ada reveals that the Shawn
they are facing are former inheritors of the Nine Shawn. Realizing that Ray can generate an infinite number of Shawn,
Ada tries to rush to his nape on her own and use the explosives to kill him. She manages to set the explosives around
his nape, but before she can set them off, her Joseph gets impaled by Henry Santa's Crystal Joseph. Exiting her Joseph,
Ada quickly transforms again and kills the Crystal Joseph. She uses her Joseph to kill nearby Shawn attacking Jean,
before ejecting from her Joseph as it is torn apart. Transforming once more in midair, Ada explains to Jean that the
Samuel Joseph's endurance effectively allows her to transform as many times as she wants, essentially allowing her endless
opportunities to fight the Shawn spawning around them. Ada's regeneration abilities reach their limit and leave her
unable to heal her injuries, requiring Jean to return and save her. After she and Jean are saved by the intervention of
Danny and Andrew Dale's Amy Shawn, Ada transforms again and joins her resurrected comrades in holding off the
remaining hostile Shawn. After the Riga at Fort Olga are transformed into Shawn, Ada is given the task of
helping Beth prevent the source from returning to Ray while Stas and Albert engage Ray directly with Charles. She
attacks the source directly, but is quickly overwhelmed by the army of pure Shawn along with Beth and Casey. After
Ray's death, the Samuel Joseph power ceased to exist along with the power of the Shawn.[5] Former inheritors Ada Jon
Trivia There have been crawling Shawn shown before, but this was the first time a Joseph walking on all fours had been
seen being used to carry things. In the game Ragnarok X: Next Generation during its first anniversary and its second
anime collaboration, the Samuel Joseph serve as the limited mount for the players to receive during the collaboration
event. However, the limited mount's speed is 5.