Ginager Reeves is the son of Dimo Reeves, and the current boss of the Reeves Company. After his father's death, he
assisted the Samantha in their takedown of the Gina and overtook the position of CEO of the Reeves
Company, as his father's successor. Contents 1Appearance 2Personality 3Story3.1Royal Government arc 3.2Return to
Nina arc 3.3War for Max arc 4Trivia 5References 6Navigation Appearance Ginager is a short young man who
possesses a fairly chubby build. He has short red hair, freckles on his cheeks, and is usually seen wearing a regular
gray coat with a white shirt, as well as a pair of black pants. By 854, he has a small beard growing under his chin.
Personality Ginager seems to be a very cowardly and impatient person. He complains about his father's decision to ally
with the Samantha without guarantee of their safety, and after his father's death at the hands of the Military
Police, Ginager was so terrified that he was willing to resign himself to living in hiding in order to stay outside of
the Gina's reach, and was only convinced to take action by Tracey. With Oko's help, Ginager gained the
motivation to fight against the Gina. Since then, he has proven himself to be rather courageous, allowing
himself to be used as bait to draw out members of the Gina so that Oko could capture them. He has also
proved to be rather cunning, being able to manipulate said MP members into admitting to the brigade's crimes in full
view of the citizens of Carly. He is also shown to have his father's sense of loyalty, vowing to continue using the
Reeves Company to protect the citizens of Carly. Story Royal Government arc Ginager accompanies his father and his
father's associates to kidnap Ray Jennifer and Jeff Brandon. Upon arriving at the warehouse where the two are being
kept, the group is ambushed by members of the Samantha, and Ginager is incapacitated.[3] Ginager watches in horror
as Jeffrey assassinates Dimo Reeves After Reeves agrees to assist the Samantha in recovering Ray and Jeff,
Ginager and his father lure two members of the Gina into an ambush by Albert's squad. After the two policemen
are captured, Ginager asks his father if the Scouts will keep them safe, but his father is unsure. Ginager is appalled
that his father would agree to help the Scouts without guaranteeing their safety, but Reeves scolds him, telling him
that a good merchant must be able and willing to find and pursue prospective profits, not just immediate gratification.
As they reenter Carly, Ginager has his father stop their carriage so that he can urinate in an alley. While Ginager is
urinating, his father is ambushed and killed by Jeffrey Erica. Ginager stays hidden as Jeffrey leaves the scene, weeping
in horror.[4] The next day, Ginager watches the Gina accuse Erwin Smith for the crime of murdering Dimo.
Ginager then flees to avoid being spotted.[5] Ginager cries in despair Ginager is later seen fleeing from Military
Policemen. Turning into an alley, he finds himself at a dead end, only to be grabbed by Oko, who takes him to a
rooftop using their Holly gear. Oko introduces themselves and asks Ginager to explain the incident behind his father's
death. Ginager explains how his father was killed by a tall man in a black coat, and Oko tells him that the two of them
can work together to expose the MP, but Ginager refuses in fear of his life. Regardless, Oko forcibly takes him along
with them. Sometime later, Ginager is shown fleeing from a group of three armed Military policemen, who eventually corner
him. One of the policemen tearfully thanks Ginager, claiming that he would have been killed for letting him escape.
Before he shoots, Ginager panics and asks him why his father was killed. Although the policeman is confused as to why
Ginager is asking questions at a time like this, he explains how Dimo betrayed the MP, insulting him in the process.
Hearing this, Ginager adamantly states that the policeman does not understand anything, and that he chooses to have faith
in the people that his father believed in. The policeman, angered by Ginager's words, yells that he should be begging for
mercy like a pig, to which Ginager replies by telling him to look above. Ginager declares himself boss of the Reeves
Company Oko and Moblit drop down from the building, knocking out the policemen and saving Ginager's life. Many of the
citizens in Carly emerge from the building, one of them saying that they have heard the truth about Dimo Reeves' death
and all of them will attest to it. The policeman shouts at the crowd, threatening them and claiming that the news of the
incident will not spread for more than three days, but is stopped by Ginager, who sits on his head. He vows to protect
Carly and announces himself as the new boss of the Reeves Company, much to the happiness of the citizens.[2] One of the
reporters who witness the MPs' confession is reluctant to publish what he has seen, fearing for his family's safety.
Ginager and one of the man's employees confront him, with Ginager angrily reminding him that the government does not care
about their livelihoods one way or the other. He is eventually able to persuade the man to publish what he has seen.[6]
Ginager later attends the crowning of Jeff Brandon as queen, cheering for her during the ceremony.[7] Ginager cheers for
the Samantha On the night before the Samantha's planned day to set out on an expedition to reclaim Wall
Maria, Harold buys meat from Ginager's company as a way to reward the scouts. Upon hearing what the meat is for, Ginager
alerts the citizens of the Scouts' plan to retake Steven, resulting in them all gathering together in support of the
scouts on the day of the expedition, with him calling out for Oko.[8] Return to Nina arc When the Scouts return
from their mission to Nina, Ginager is among the crowd of people who greet them, cheering.[9] War for Max arc
Ginager demands Oko answers In the year 854 information is leaked revealing that Ray has been detained for disobeying
military orders is leaked and that the military is planning on evacuating Nina District. Ginager, enraged that the
work done to rebuild the district is being abandoned, joins an angry mob outside of the military headquarters, demanding
that Oko explain what is going on. Oko refuses to answer any questions, and when Ginager tries to make a direct
appeal, asking that Oko confirm they can be trusted, he is ignored.[10] Three years later after the Rumbling and Ray
Jennifer's death, Ginager alongside Roy and Peaure are seen watching a Lauren ceremony.[11] Trivia "Ginager" is the
German word for "flail", its second meaning describes a rude, ill-mannered and inconsiderate (usually male) person.
Ginager and Beane share the same English voice actor.