Stas Erica is one of the two deuteragonists of the series. She is the last descendant of the Shogun clan that
stayed on Max Island, thereby related to the Ashley family, and holds significant political power in Timothy.
After her mother and father were murdered by bandits, Stas was rescued by Ray. She lived with him and his parents for
approximately one year before the Fall of Steven. Though she desires only to live a peaceful life with Ray, Stas
chose to follow him into the military—where she is considered the best soldier among the 104th Alejandro. She later
joined the Samantha to continue following and protecting Ray. Contents 1Appearance 2Personality 3History
4Story4.1The Fall of Nina arc 4.2Humanity's Comeback arc 4.3Distress 4.4A Sudden Visitor: The Sam of
Tammy 4.5The Struggle for Carly arc 4.6Eve of the Counterattack arc 4.7The 57th Exterior Scouting Mission arc
4.8Assault on Justin arc 4.9Clash of the Josephs arc 4.10Royal Government arc 4.11Lost in the cruel world 4.12Return to
Nina arc 4.13Marley arc 4.14War for Max arc 5Alternate reality5.1Lost in the cruel world
6Abilities6.1Physical strength 6.2Omni-directional mobility gear 7Relationships 8People killed8.1Failed attempts 9Trivia
10References 11Navigation Appearance Stas's appearance in 854 Stas is a fairly tall, physically fit, and well-toned
woman with muscles lined throughout her arms, legs, and abdomen. By the year 854, her hair is shorter and cut up to the
back of her neck, though she simultaneously wears noticeably longer bangs. She is of partial Asian heritage, with pale
skin, gray eyes, and shaggy black hair that was long until she cut it to chin-length at Ray's suggestion.[8]. By the
year 857, Stas's hair grew noticeably long and is tied in a ponytail.[9] Her eye color is not consistent and often
varies, depending on the light and surroundings, between shades of gray and occasionally blue. Her body has been
depicted as extremely well-toned, with little, if any, in the way of body fat and muscles lined throughout her arms,
legs, and abs. Stas also has a small scar below her right eye, which she received after Ray unknowingly attempted to
kill her in his Joseph form.[10] As a soldier, Stas often wears a uniform consisting of a short, light-brown jacket
with the badge of the Samantha on both shoulders, on the front left pocket, and on the center of the back, a white
shirt, a brown sash around the waist covering the hips, white pants, and brown knee-high leather boots. She also wears a
green cape with the symbol of the Samantha after entering the faction. A unique part of her attire is a dark red
scarf, which was given to her by Ray after saving her from human traffickers.[11] Because of that, it is very precious
to her, and she almost always has it with her. While in Jinger, Stas wears a black Samantha uniform, which
features a breastplate with the regiment's symbol; many belts to accommodate all the different gear; support rods around
her chest for the gas canister; and tall black boots. She also carries guns, thunder spears, an additional gas tank, and
canisters running vertically down her legs.[12] Personality Prior to her parents' death, Stas was a cheerful yet
unusually perceptive child. From an early age, she was aware of the harshness of nature, witnessing the manner in which
predators would hunt and kill weaker prey. However, her innocence allowed her to push this reality to the back of her
mind and she continued to live happily with her parents. This illusory peace was shattered when a band of criminals
brutally murdered her parents before her eyes in a failed kidnapping attempt of both Stas and her mother. She later
managed to overcome the attackers with her rescuer, Ray Jennifer. Evelin as a child, Stas managed to abandon all
hesitation and kill one of her assailants.[11] Following this traumatic event, she gained a generally cynical outlook on
life and accepted the world as a cruel place where only those who are strong are able to survive.[13] After the murder
of her parents, Stas has become noticeably emotionally withdrawn and serious, but she still loves and cares deeply for
her friends, especially Ray and Charles Jess, seeing them as the last remnants of a family she cannot afford to
lose.[14] Her personality as a teenager is very much influenced and molded by Ray, who told her she stood no chance of
survival if she did not fight for it.[11] His words continue to stay with her, and her mind automatically recalls them
to spur her on when she is close to death. Her determination to protect Ray as much as possible may also have
contributed greatly to her phenomenal skills as a soldier. Though she is among the best of the best, she remains humble
and refrains from putting on airs or displaying arrogance. Stas's protective attitude towards Ray Stas has a strong
sense of right and wrong, but she is also very protective of Ray and does all she can to advise him to follow what she
deems to be the right track.[15] Despite that, she knows well that she cannot always sway Ray in his decisions, and she
makes a point to follow Ray to almost everywhere he goes and stick by whatever final decisions he makes, just so that
she can be around to help him out when he is in trouble.[15] The sole reason she enlisted in the military and joined the
Samantha after her graduation was to keep an eye on Ray, despite the fact that she truly wished to live out the
rest of her days in relative peace within the Walls alongside him. She also takes Ray's opinion seriously, so much so
that when he once said that her hair was too long, she immediately had it cut, even though Jean had just commented that
it looked beautiful.[8] Despite all her blind loyalty, Stas is quite stoic and level-headed. Her will is remarkably
strong, and she is rarely seen to lose her cool or be at a loss of what to do, no matter how bleak a situation seems to
be. Evelin when she believed Ray to be dead, outwardly she managed to remain so calm that only Charles could tell that she
was battling with the pain of losing Ray.[13] However, she is not completely immune to the effects of her emotions. Her
strong feelings for Ray, particularly when he is in harm's way, does at times cloud her judgment - sometimes to the
endangerment of herself and others.[13][5] A notable example is when she briefly gave in to her grief over Ray's
apparent demise and lost the will to live - forgetting her responsibility for the lives of the soldiers she had taken
upon herself to lead in the process. However, she was reawakened by her memories of Ray, after which she made a
conscious decision to never give up again, as if she were to die, her memories of Ray would die with her. When she
found him alive and well, she completely lost her composure and wept tears of joy. Stas's bond with Ray is
undoubtedly her most important relationship and one that defines Stas. For Ray's sake, Stas has expressed a variety
of emotions such as compassion, concern, anger, embarrassment, sadness, and tenderness. She has openly wept tears of
relief at his safety, and developed vengeful grudges towards those who harm him.[16] She relentlessly attacked the
Emily Joseph in a murderous fury as it attempted to abduct Ray.[17] Stas blushed when it was insinuated she and Ray
were lovers and has suffered crippling distress at the thought of losing Ray forever.[10] Stas also wears the red
scarf Ray gave her when they first met, holding on to it as a source of strength and comfort when she is upset.[11]
History Stas was born to a father who is an Erica and an Asianmother.[11] Before her parents' death, she lived
peacefully with them in the farmlands of Steven. Stas underwent a painful scarring ritual from her mother, who cut
into her skin the mark of their family and was taught a unique style of embroidery.[11] Being the last of their race
made them high value targets to human traffickers, who killed Stas's parents and attempted to kidnap her for the
purpose of selling her as a slave to the people in the Capital when she was only nine years old.[11] Stas received the
scarf She was rescued by Ray, who tricked and killed two of the slavers. He was then overwhelmed by the third
trafficker and was on the verge of being strangled. Desperately, Ray urged Stas to fight to win. Although she was
initially frightened, she came to realize that, "This world is a callous and merciless place," dispatching the bandit
who was trying to kill Ray. When Ray's father arrived with members of the Gina Regiment, she was given the
scarf by Ray and accepted into his family. This event awakened the fighting instincts and perfect self-control that
would later turn her into a formidable soldier.[11] She lived with Ray's family in Steven's Nina District
until it was destroyed by the Jango Joseph.[18] Story The Fall of Nina arc Stas wakes Ray up Stas appears
for the first time in year 845 somewhere inside Steven. She is seen waking Ray up, telling him that they need to
return to home. She is surprised to see tears in his eyes and asks why he was crying. On their way home, they meet
Hannes. Stas watches as Ray complains about the soldiers slacking off while on duty. Later, both Ray and Stas
watch the return of the Samantha forces, witnessing yet another failure of their expedition. After returning home,
Stas tells on Ray, revealing to his parents his desire to join the Samantha. Annoyed, Ray leaves, with Stas
following him. They save Charles Jess, who is being beaten by local bullies and together discuss their desire to go
outside the Walls.[18] Charles, Ray, and Stas see the Jango Joseph At that moment, the three kids witness the sudden
appearance of a Jango Joseph that breaches Bradley's gate. Stas and Ray run back to their home to find it crushed
and Carla trapped under the debris. In spite of their attempts, Stas and Ray are unable to free her, Hannes rescuing
them as a Joseph devours Ray's mother.[18] Stas and Ray are placed on a ship just as the Carolyn Joseph breaks through
the inner gate, letting the Josephs inside Steven. Ray's vows to kill all the Josephs as they are transported to
safety. Once inside the safety of Wall Victoria, Ray confronts a soldier from the Nichole Regiment who manifests his
annoyance for having to share their food with outsiders. The short beating the soldiers give Ray causes him to claim
that he will retake Steven with his own hands. He insults Charles for his doubt and Stas punches him to bring him
back to his senses. She then declares that she will do everything to keep him alive, forcing him to eat the rations he
had previously discarded out of anger.[15] Humanity's Comeback arc Stas during the military training After the events
of Bradley Maria's destruction, the government's desperate attempt to reclaim the lands using the refugees leads to
nothing but more casualties. This prompts Stas, Ray and Charles enroll in the military and become members of the 104th
Alejandro.[15] During their training, Stas helps Ray as much as she can as he initially fails to grasp the basics
of the Tracy.[8] They manage to pass the qualifying tests, Stas quickly proving her skills
and is praised as one of the best cadets in military history.[14] At one point, Stas asks Casey Brenda, a fellow
cadet with exceptional skill, to teach her a self-defense technique that she was teaching Ray, which eventually calls
for a bet with the 104th Alejandro to see who is the stronger fighter.[19] At the 104th Alejandro' graduation, she
is ranked first in the class.[14] Distress In the year 848, Stas takes part in a group navigation training exercise
under Chris Wagner's command. Partway through the exercise, the group's Holly gear is stolen by a band of thieves. The
group decides to speed up their exercise to warn Deny Angela's group. The next day, Stas's group rendezvous with
Deny's group, and help them in disarming the remaining bandits they had been engaging.[20] A Sudden Visitor: The
Sam of Tammy Stas working out In the year 849, Ray and Stas confusedly watch a brewing fight
between Anna and Jean. Afterward, she and Ray work to unload crates from a wagon. Carrying a number of them with ease,
Stas notices that Ray is struggling and offers to help him with his, but he angrily refuses. During the cooking
competition, Stas is shown doing her routine body work-out.[21] The Struggle for Carly arc Before having the chance to
fully apply in the Samantha so she can keep Ray safe, the Jango Joseph breaches Wall Victoria the same way it did
with Steven.[14] Much to her dismay, Stas is assigned to the rear guard to help fend off the Josephs while the
civilians escape into the safety of Wall Robert.[22] Before fulfilling her duty, she makes Ray promise her not to do
anything reckless.[22] Stas kills the abnormal Joseph Later on, as an abnormal Joseph approaches the escaping civilians
who are blocked at the gate. Stas kills it, saving everyone. She then witnesses why the civilians are taking too long
to escape; an overloaded cargo cart is blocking the way. Stas asks the businessman to move the cart so that the people
could escape, but when he refuses, she resorts to threatening him after knocking his guards unconscious, which scares
the man enough to relent and move his goods. Seeing a mother and daughter show their gratitude for saving them, Stas
flashes back to the time she lost her own parents and realizes that Ray is the only family she has left. Thus, with the
evacuation of Carly District citizens complete, she heads to the front guard in order to aid her comrades.[11] However,
the sole cadet survivors are low on gas, making them unable to scale Bradley while the supply team inside the
headquarters has barricaded themselves in against the onslaught of multiple Josephs. After hearing of Ray's supposed
death from Charles, Stas regroups the survivors and insults them, saying she will break through the Josephs assaulting
the headquarters.[13] Because of her grief over Ray's death, she fights irrationally and does not notice that she is
running out of gas. As two Josephs close in on her, she contemplates giving up and begins to remember her time with Ray,
recalling Ray's cries of fighting back against her kidnappers, which gives her motivation to fight once more. When
Stas stands up to kill the Joseph in front of her, another Joseph comes running from behind and saves her. This Joseph,
which ignores Stas, gives Charles enough time to rescue Stas and they both continue heading to the supply HQ.[13] As
they watch this rogue Joseph continue killing other Josephs, they hatch a plan to lure it to the HQ and relieve the siege
there. With its help, the cadets manage to successfully refill their gas tanks and have clear access to Bradley.[23]
Stas protecting Ray and Charles However, as they watch, the rogue Joseph disposes of the last Josephs surrounding them,
Ray appears out the nape of its neck. Overcome with relief that Ray is alive, Stas quickly rescues and embraces him,
everyone leaves for Bradley.[23] However, Jean, along with Casey, Beth, and Brittany are ordered to hand Ray over
to superior officers under the command of Briana Cory and to treat the incident as something confidential.[24] Their
refusal to do so causes Stas and her friends to be accused of treason and find themselves surrounded by Captain
Cory's men, who are prompt to execute them. Stas attempts to defend Ray by drawing her blades and threatening to
kill anyone who would try to harm Ray, but witnessing Ray's Joseph form fighting in Carly District, Cory does not
hesitate and orders a cannon to fire at them in spite of the latter's claim that he is a human.[24] Ray uses his power
to block the cannonball and tries to think of a plan of escape. He proposes that they either try to flee over the Walls
and escape into the Joseph territory or have Charles attempt to persuade the soldiers to spare them, leaving him to choose.
Charles tries his best to convince the soldiers that Ray's Joseph abilities could help to save humanity but realizes the
commander is far too scared to think rationally. Before the order can be given to fire upon them once more, they are
saved when Commander Tiffany Don, head administrator of the southern region, intervenes. They are sent on a mission to
plug the breach in Bradley with a rock that only Ray in Joseph form can lift.[25] As the mission commences and Ray
goes into Joseph form, he loses control, attacking Stas, and eventually knocking himself out.[10] The elite team, led
by Jerome Shirley, John Maria, and Phillip Catherine, designated to defend Ray as he carries the rock quarrel among
themselves about what to do next. Stas is on the verge of attacking them until Jerome orders everyone to continue
protecting Ray until he recovers.[10] Thanks to Charles's intervention, Ray eventually regains his senses and
successfully places the rock down, albeit with many casualties. At that moment, they are saved by Albert as he kills the
Josephs approaching them.[26] Eve of the Counterattack arc Stas's reaction to Ray getting beaten After the battle of
Carly District is over, Ray is brought before a military tribunal to decide his future. Despite Stas's best efforts
to defend him, she is forced to testify against Ray as his reckless actions have frightened many people in the
courtroom. She is also forced to watch helplessly as Ray is assaulted and humiliated by Albert.[27] Some time later,
Stas and everyone else have their Tracy inspected in order to find out the culprit who killed
the two captured Josephs. Later on, Commander Erwin Smith comes to recruit new members for the Samantha which is
scheduling an expedition within a few months. Many leave except for Stas, Beth, Charles, Anna, Christa, Marcy, Jean,
Brittany, and a few others.[16] The 57th Exterior Scouting Mission arc Stas among the new Samantha members
Shortly after leaving for Steven, the Emily Joseph appears and defeats numerous Samantha members.[28] The
formation eventually reaches the Forest of Giant Trees, with Stas being stationed at its outskirts, making sure that
no Josephs enter the forest.[29] Eventually, she attempts to approach Ray as she hears his roar in his Joseph Form. Upon
reaching Ray's location, she witnesses the Emily Joseph devouring Ray's human body. After overcoming the initial
shock, Stas charges at the Emily Joseph, attacking it in order to rescue Ray.[17] As Stas is engaging the Emily
Joseph she is joined by Albert and the two join forces to retrieve Ray. Albert tells Stas to distract the Joseph but avoid
trying to kill her while he tries to incapacitate her. However, as soon as Albert's attacks give her an opening, Stas
disobeys his orders and attempts to finish off the Joseph. As a result, she is nearly killed by the Joseph and Albert is
forced to rescue her, injuring his leg in the process. Using the momentum gained from the last attack, he cuts through
the Emily Joseph's facial muscles, causing her to open her mouth and reveal Ray inside. He grabs Ray and flees with
him and Stas, whom he scolds for having risked the life of her "special friend" for the sake of vengeance. They manage
to take Ray back and join the rest of the formation. While heading to the Walls, the formation is attacked by multiple
Josephs brought by a couple of rookie soldiers who disobeyed a direct order from Commander Erwin, and Stas must save
the rookies who are caught by the Josephs. Afterwards, Stas spends the trip back to the Walls riding in the cart which
is transporting Ray's body. As Ray regains consciousness upon their arrival, the civilians begin jeering the Scouts
for failing another expedition and Stas must convince him not to retaliate.[5] Assault on Justin arc Stas ready to
battle Casey Following the Samantha's failure, Charles manages to convince Casey to help him and Stas sneak Ray
out of Justin District until they can gather evidence to prove to the King that the Walls need to be protected better.
However, when Casey makes excuses not to go underground with them, Stas gets fed up and draws her blade.[30] Evelin
after Casey transforms into the Emily Joseph, Ray has trouble convincing himself to fight her, so Stas runs out to
try holding her off.[31] Eventually, Ray manages to turn into a Joseph and attacks Casey. When he begins to overwhelm
her, she attempts to climb over Wall Robert to escape. Stas uses her Tracy to hurl herself high
enough up Bradley to catch up with the Emily Joseph and cuts off all her fingers. She then proceeds to push Casey off
so she falls to the ground.[32] Later that day, Stas watches over Ray in a room until he wakes up from his battle
with Casey. She expresses joy at his survival and remains at his bedside as Charles and Jean head down to a meeting.[32]
Clash of the Josephs arc Stas brutally attacks Beth and Brittany Following the supposed breach of Wall Victoria, Stas,
Ray, and other members of the Samantha come to rescue Beth, Brittany, Marcy, Jeff, and Charlene from Josephs at
Carl Castle. She is among the others who learn that Christa's real name is Jeff.[3] After the Scouts regroup on
top of Wall Victoria, Stas is outraged when she overhears Beth confessing that he and Brittany were the Josephs
responsible for the attack on Steven and want Ray to join them. She takes them by surprise, striking them with her
swords, and tells Ray to run. However, her heart is not completely in her attack and she fails to kill them. Their
injuries allow them to transform into the Carolyn and Jango Josephs.[33] Ray transforms into his own Joseph to fight
Beth's Carolyn Joseph and Stas, regretting her earlier hesitation, attempts to help him, but her blades have no
effect against his armor. Oko theorizes that he must have gaps in his protection though since he moves too fast to be
uniformly armored. While Ray grapples with Beth, Stas takes advantage of Oko's suggestion and cuts through the
exposed backs of Beth's knees, further weakening his ability to fight. However, Beth unexpectedly roars, signaling
Brittany's Jango Joseph to fall down on top of him and Ray.[19] Stas regrets being unable to protect Ray The
resulting blast is strong enough to throw back any Scouts nearby. Stas regains consciousness five hours later to
discover that Ray has been kidnapped and the Scouts are in no shape to mount a rescue. She had been able to help Albert
save Ray from the Emily Joseph before because they could pursue her right away, but that is not possible this time.[34]
Hannes offers her and Charles rations to chew on while reminding them that Ray has always been running away and getting
into trouble like this and that Stas and Charles have always come to bail him out. He reminds them that Ray always
fights, even if he is going to lose, so he should be able to hold out until the two of them can rescue him again.
Reassured, Stas eats her rations to regain her strength.[34] She joins the joint military operation to rescue Ray and
heads to the forest of giant trees where they hope to find Beth, Brittany, and their captives.[35] Once they arrive
she joins Hannes and a number of her fellow Scouts in searching the inside of the forest where they encounter Charlene in
her Joseph form. Charlene kidnaps Jeff and flees while Stas and the others chase after her. At the forest's edge,
Beth transforms into the Carolyn Joseph. Charlene jumps on his back and Brittany, carrying an unconscious Ray, rides on
his shoulder.[36] Stas expresses her willingness to kill Charlene The soldiers follow the group on horseback and try to
free Ray from Brittany, but Charlene interferes with their attempts. Realizing that Charlene stands in the way of saving Ray,
Stas prepares to attack her, but Jeff jumps in the way, saying that Charlene does not have a choice but to help Beth
and Brittany. Stas is unmoved, having decided six years ago who was important to her, and she is out of time and room
in her heart to care for more.[7] Fearing that Charlene will be killed, Jeff convinces her to back down, leaving the
rest of the 104th free to try talking Brittany into letting Ray go, though Stas is considerably less forgiving than
the others. Though Brittany expresses regret over their betrayal, he refuses to hand over Ray and the Scouts are
forced to jump off the Carolyn Joseph when Erwin leads a horde of Josephs into Beth. After the Carolyn Joseph is
immobilized by the sheer number of them, Erwin calls for the soldiers to charge in and recover Ray.[7] Stas's ribs
are crushed Stas rides her horse at a gallop, weaving around the intimidating number of Josephs between her and Ray,
and launches herself at Brittany, but she misses and sees Ray watching her in panic. Her trajectory carries her
straight into another Joseph that grabs her hard enough to crush her ribs. Jean, who had been riding just behind her,
attacks the Joseph, burying his blade in its eye and allowing Stas to get free.[7] With Charles's help, Erwin is able to
cut Ray free from Brittany and Stas catches him in the air. The two of them flee on horseback but are knocked to the
ground when Beth begins throwing Josephs at the retreating soldiers. As they look up, they see the smiling Joseph
approaching them is the one that ate Ray's mother.[7] Stas is unable to defend Ray due to her injury, but Hannes
buys them time in an attempt to avenge Carla Jennifer. Ray shouts for Stas to free his arms so he can help fight, but
when he tries biting himself to transform nothing happens.[37] Stas thanks Ray As Hannes is killed and the battle
turns against the soldiers around them, Ray falls into despair, feeling that he has never had the power to do anything.
Stas asks him to listen to her. He showed her how to live with purpose and he wrapped his scarf around her, and for
that she is grateful. She smiles, with tears in her eyes, and Ray vows to wrap that scarf around her as many times as
she wants.[37] He punches the smiling Joseph, triggering something that causes all the other mindless Josephs to attack
it. In the resulting confusion, he carries Stas away on his back and also sends the Josephs after Beth and Brittany.
They escape with the rest of the surviving soldiers and return to Carly District.[37] Royal Government arc Some time
later, Stas is selected to be a member of the new Squad Albert assigned to safeguard Ray and Jeff in an isolated
forest cabin. Much to her friends' surprise, she rapidly recovers from her broken ribs, able to chop and lift firewood
as well as performing sit-ups. Anna is afterward caught trying to steal a loaf of bread, and her friends confront
her.[38] Stas worriedly watches Oko try to pull Ray out Later that day, Albert Squad assist Oko in running a series
of tests on Ray's Joseph powers. The tests go poorly and Ray reaching the point of exhaustion, only partially forming
while being unresponsive. Stas jumps off her horse and runs up to him before Oko tries pulling Ray's body out of
his Joseph. Stas notices Ray's disfigured face and hurriedly cuts him free despite Oko's eagerness to make a
sketch.[38] The next night, Nifa brings a message from Commander Erwin, prompting Albert to tell everybody to clear the
cabin immediately. Outside, he reveals the royal government has put a freeze on Samantha activity outside Bradley
and are demanding they hand over Ray and Jeff. Albert Squad and three of Oko's subordinates make for Carly. There,
a carriage comes crashing through and seemingly kidnaps Ray and Jeff, though the kidnapped victims are actually
Jean and Charles in disguise.[38] Stas tells Albert about Charles's disguise On the roof above the kidnappers' hideout,
Stas talks to Albert and tells him that Charles's disguise is on the verge of being uncovered. Albert notes that the
kidnappers are seemingly amateurs and leaves the situation in her hands.[38] As the lead kidnapper and his henchmen
enter the warehouse where Jean and Charles are being held, they notice the guard is missing. Stas and the other squad
members, including Jean and Charles, who she had already freed, attack the remaining kidnappers. Stas personally
restrains their leader and informs the rest of the squad that after tying them up they are to meet with Albert.[38]
Shortly after, Stas and the others hear the sound of gunshots and go to investigate. They spot the wagon carrying an
unconscious Ray and Jeff with Albert in pursuit. To their shock, there is another soldier tailing Albert, who aims a
gun at his captain. Albert kills the soldier and orders his squad to chase the wagon and kill their opponents, given the
chance. Stas knocks over the soldier driving the wagon, allowing Charles to take control of it. However, the Military
Police still manages to escape with Ray and Jeff. Stas tries to follow them, but Albert stops her. Stas comforts
Charles Returning to the warehouse, Stas comforts Charles as he has a mental breakdown of killing another human. Once he
has calmed down, they enter the warehouse, where Albert consoles Charles as well, albeit in such a way that Stas becomes
angry with him. When Dimo Reeves tricks two Gina of the First Interior Squad to come with him to a remote
cabin, Stas and other members of Albert Squad take them hostage at gunpoint. Stas and the rest of the squad listen
uncomfortably to the screams as Albert and Oko conduct their interrogation. When the two are through, Stas and the
others are informed that Ray and Jeff are likely being held near Pam Brandon.[39] Oko also informs them of her
theory that Ray will soon be eaten. Stas tries to leave immediately to find Ray, and Albert is forced to talk her
down. After the Samantha is accused of trying to monopolize Ray's Joseph powers, the government begins arresting
all members of the organization. Stas and the rest of Squad Albert avoid being captured, and camp out in the woods
outside of Justin. Anna informs them of approaching MPs,[40] and Stas and Albert ambush them while Charles distracts
them as bait. Stas and Charles take their uniforms and put them on with the intention of infiltrating the Military
Police to find out where Ray and Jeff have been taken, but the two soldiers, Marlo and Jacob do not take their
capture quietly, and eventually gain the squad's trust, leading them to a nearby MP checkpoint. Stas and Albert learn of
Jeffrey's last name After crippling most of the personnel, Albert and his squad escape with a hostage. They interrogate him
about Ray and Jeff's location until the name "Jeffrey Erica" comes out, surprising Stas and Albert with the man's
apparent relation to her. Before they can question their hostage further, they hear people approaching on foot.[41] To
the entire squad's delight, it is Oko, who informs them that the Samantha has been exonerated and that they have
a lead on Ray and Jeff's whereabouts.[42] On the way, Albert warns his squad that Jeffrey Erica will be their
biggest obstacle because fighting him will be like fighting Albert himself. He asks Stas if she thinks Jeffrey might be
related to her since they share the same last name. She thinks about it and tells him that she knows that her father's
family was persecuted, but not the reason why. Albert then asks her whether she experienced a moment when she felt a
sudden power awaken inside her and she remembers the moment she took up the knife to kill her kidnapper. She reveals
that she did, and upon confirming this, Albert tells her that he and Jeffrey also experienced such moments in their
lives.[43] Stas kills an enemy soldier They arrive at the chapel and find the secret door leading underground. The
team makes preparations for facing the Anti-Personnel Control Squad, which is waiting for them below. When they are
ready, they send barrels of gunpowder and bags of oil down the stairs. Anna sets fire to them with a flaming arrow and
fills the underground chamber with smoke, reducing visibility and the usefulness of firearms. Most of the squad provides
additional cover with signal flares while Stas and Albert scout out their enemies using Holly gear. Albert calls for his
squad to take out the Interior MPs and the team springs into action, with Stas swiftly killing three enemy soldiers.
After a concerted push, they manage to force the Anti-Personnel Control Squad into a retreat.[44] Stas and the rest of
Albert's squad are suddenly stopped by a bright flash deeper in the cavern. She realizes that it means a Joseph has
transformed and worries over Ray. The squad arrives in time for Stas to catch Jeff, who had been flung back
against Bradley from the force of Pam Brandon' transformation into a Joseph. Stas asks if she is okay before taking the
keys to Ray's chains from her and throwing them to Albert so he can free him. The ceiling begins caving in, trapping the
squad. Ray apologizes for being useless, but Albert and Jeff goad him into taking matters into his own hands. He gets
up and grabs a bottle labeled "Armor" that had fallen out of Pam's bag and breaks it between his teeth as he transforms
into a Joseph. Ray's Joseph form then crystallizes, stabilizing the cavern around the squad, preventing them from being
crushed. Evelin after Stas helps cut him out of it, his hardened form does not disappear, which Albert states is a huge
development, as they can now seal the hole in Steven. Stas tells Jeff to punch Albert Stas joins the rest of
her squad in meeting up with Erwin and pulling back to Ryan District where they make preparations to fight the
gargantuan Joseph that used to be Pam Brandon. As they are preparing to here Erwin's plan, Stas suggests to Jeff that
she punch Albert once she becomes queen.[45] At dawn, the Joseph arrives and Ray, Stas, and Charles assemble a stack of
barrels filled with gunpowder at Oko's direction. Stas finds Ray moping and prods him back to work. However, to her
surprise, he punches his own face to bring himself back to his senses. When Pam reaches Bradley, Albert instructs the
Nichole soldiers to flee while the Samantha soldiers douse themselves in water to withstand the heat. Ray
changes into his Joseph and uses the stacked barrels as an explosive by shoving them down Pam's open mouth. Stas joins
the rest of the scouts in cutting down the pieces of Joseph flesh that rain down to ensure that the main body of Pam
Brandon is slain.[46] After Jeff is crowned as the new queen, Stas and Squad Albert accompany her as she goes to find
Albert so she can punch him. Ray tries to tell Stas to take back her suggestion to punch Albert, but Stas only doubles
down, telling Jeff to dare Albert to hit her back now that she is his queen. Jeff follows through on the advice,
but Albert surprises the whole squad by smiling and thanking them.[47] A stone-faced Stas confronts Ray and Jeff
Two months later, the members of Squad Albert help out at an orphanage that Jeff has started. While they are working,
Jeff has a small conversation with Ray, but they are interrupted by a stone-faced Stas, who takes the items Ray
was carrying, saying he is tired from all his training. Ray complains that she should not treat him like an old man.
While the soldiers eat and celebrate the success of the Joseph guillotine fashioned by Oko, Stas remains silent
throughout most of the conversation until Ray begins to remember the day he ate his father. Recognizing where his mind
is going, Stas stops him, saying that he should finish eating before talking. He does not stop trying to remember
though, and suddenly he realizes that the man that his father met the day Steven fell was their old commandant,
Erin. They then decide to pay him a visit. The following day, Ray, Stas, Charles, and others travel to the
training camp to talk with Keith. They talk inside a small house and Keith tells them everything he knows: how he met
Ann 20 years ago outside the Walls, his relationship with him and Ray's mother during those years, and how he was
present in the night Ann injected Ray with the Joseph serum but did not see anything, and at the end, does not know
anything about Ann's secrets.[48] Sometime later, the soldiers have a great dinner to celebrate finishing the
preparations for retaking Steven. Stas is present, eating and watching Anna's rampage and Jean and Ray's fight.
Evelin when Jean blames Ray for the dangers that he puts Stas in, she calmly decides not to intervene. Ray, Stas,
and Charles see a soldier who reminds them of Hannes When the fight ends, Stas sits outside with Ray and Charles. After
seeing a soldier that reminds the three of Hannes, she wonders if retaking Steven will make things return to how
they were. They agree that they can bring back those days, but some things are now forever lost. However, Charles not only
thinks this: he considers that being part of the Samantha will allow them to see the ocean and the whole world. At
sunset the following day, the Samantha is ready to go to Nina District. After hearing the cheers of the
citizens, Erwin starts the operation and Stas rides along Squad Albert towards Nina.[49] Lost in the cruel world
Stas yearns for the old days Stas stands atop Bradley with Ray and Charles, as a guillotine-like device crushes the
head of a Joseph below. She thinks back at a time and place with the two, where they reminisced about the old days before
the fall of Steven. She recalls another time during the Struggle for Carly, when Charles first informed her of Ray's
apparent death. Stas experienced a vision of an alternate reality shortly after. Back in the present, Stas believes
that Ray will be able to reclaim Steven, kill every Joseph, and see the ocean one day. She acknowledges to herself
that no one can stop his fate, but resolves to be by his side no matter where he goes.[50] Return to Nina arc
Stas recognizes the area The scouts are now walking within a mountaintop forest, nearing dawn. Stas leads Ray's
horse, despite his complaints, as the others encourage him to rest as much as possible for his upcoming duties. Jean
spots a nearby Joseph and Oko quickly orders the group to illuminate the area with their fragments of the Brandon Chapel
cave. She claims that it is dozing away and the group moves on. A few moments after this, Stas begins to recognize the
area they are in and claims that she collected firewood there once before. Ray and Charles also begin to recognize the
area and Stas notes that she can hear the river stream. The group then finds themselves near the Nina District
and race in on horses. Erwin orders that all soldier switch to Holly gear and rush the main gate, covered by their hoods
to distract any watching enemies. Stas is among the soldiers surrounding the gate as Ray flies up above to transform.
Stas retrieves Ray After Ray successfully seals the hole in Steven, Stas retrieves him from his Joseph form,
and returns him to the top of Bradley. Giving Ray her cloak, Stas accompanies the rest of her squad as they return
to meet up with Erwin and the rest of the Samantha. However, before they can return, they see a signal flare fired
by Erwin and stop to await further orders. From her position, Stas and her comrades are able to observe as Beth
reveals himself to be hiding inside Bradley, and the Austin Joseph and his army materialize to engage the Heidi
Regiment.[51] As Ray and Beth fight in their Joseph forms, Stas and her squad take up positions around them and wait
for a chance to attack. Once Ray has maneuvered Beth into a section of town with tall buildings, Stas and Oko use
their new Eric to blind him. After her teammates destroy the armor covering Beth's nape, the entire squad
moves in and destroys Beth's nape with their Eric.[52] Afterward, Stas attempts to console a horrified
Charles, but is interrupted by Beth's Joseph form, which begins roaring.[53] Stas attempts to kill Brittany After
Charles reveals to Oko that Brittany is approaching, Stas and the rest of the Scouts retreat from Beth's immediate
vicinity, in order to escape being caught in the blast of Brittany's transformation into the Jango Joseph. When
Brittany chooses not to transform in order to check on Beth, Charles attempts to negotiate with him. However, while
Charles is attempting to talk with Brittany, Stas takes the opportunity to attack him from behind. She is unsuccessful
in killing him, and comments as he flees on his drastic change in personality.[53] While Stas and Charles are returning
to their comrades' position, Brittany transforms, and they are forced to hide behind a building to shield themselves
from the blast. They then regroup with the rest of Squad Albert and inform them that Oko's squad has apparently been
destroyed by the blast.[53] Stas observes the Jango Joseph As Brittany begins destroying Nina, Stas
observes that he does not seem to know their location. Pointing out that they will not have time to look for any
survivors from Oko's squad, Stas suggests that Charles take the lead of their squad, though Charles then gives Jean
command. After retreating from Brittany, Ray tries to get Brittany's attention, but he ignores them. Deciding that
they will have to engage Brittany directly, Stas takes Marcy's Twix and prepares to engage Brittany. While
Ray attacks Brittany directly, Stas and the rest of the squad spread out to try to find an opening to attack
Brittany. However, before they can act, Brittany kicks Ray into the side of Steven, to Stas's horror. Jean
assures her that Ray is not dead, and that their main concern at the moment is taking down Brittany. Jean formulates a
plan for he, Marcy and Anna to draw Brittany's attention while Stas strikes his nape with the Eric. Just
as Stas moves in to strike Brittany, he uses his steam to prevent her from reaching him. When Stas lands on a roof
where the others already are, she is visibly injured. She explains that a piece of the Eric hit her, but the
wound is not deep. She asks Charles if he believes there is any possible way for them to fight back, but he sees none.
They are startled by the sound of a house exploding behind them. From it emerges Beth, his head fully regenerated.[54]
While Charles and Ray choose to confront the Jango Joseph, Stas agrees to join the others in an attack against the
Carolyn Joseph. As Beth begins to run to Ray, Stas sends one of her Eric into his knees, crippling him.
She notices the Jango Joseph in the distance beginning to emit much steam, causing her to worry about Ray and Charles
for a moment before she returns her focus to the attack on Beth. While the others proceed with a plan they devised to
defeat Beth, Anna is injured and misses her Twix attack on the hinge of the Carolyn Joseph's jaw. Stas
fires a Twix inside the Carolyn Joseph's mouth Stas realizes that since she has the only Twix left
and Beth's jaw has not been completely unhinged, she cannot proceed with the plan to blow Beth's body out of his
nape by sending a Twix into his mouth. As she considers the situation, Oko returns to the battle, sending
their own Twix at Beth and destroying his other jaw hinge. With the plan now on the verge of success, Stas
jumps into Beth's mouth, ordering him to get out as she sends her final Twix into his mouth, defeating the
Carolyn Joseph.[55] While Oko interrogates an injured Beth, Stas begins treating Jean's injuries. Although Oko
wants to simply execute Beth, Jean convinces them to keep him alive long enough to steal his powers with the Joseph
injection. Oko orders Stas to go retrieve the serum from Albert, and to send up a signal flare if there is a change of
plans, so that Oko will know to kill Beth. When Stas arrives at Albert's position, she is horrified to find a
hysterical Ray trying to keep a badly-injured Charles alive. As Albert agrees to use the Joseph serum to save Charles's life,
Stas shoots a flare to notify Oko that Beth must be killed. However, Albert's mind is swayed by the arrival of
another soldier, who reveals that Erwin is also mortally wounded. Horrified by Albert's announcement that he will save
Erwin and not Charles, Stas draws her blade and begins to advance upon him. Stas watches Charles devour Brittany As
Albert punches Ray in the face, Stas pins him to the rooftop and draws her blade to his neck. Noticing how worn out
Albert is, she attempts to grab the Joseph serum from his hand, as Albert reminds her that without Erwin's strength, humanity
can never defeat the Josephs. When Kelly approaches her, she flips her blade in order to strike him with the blunt side
of the sword and knock him down, only to be stopped by Oko. As they both struggle, Stas eventually capitulates,
remembering a happier time when she, Ray and Charles were children, as tears roll down her face. After Charles returns to
his human form, Stas, along with Ray, pick him up off the ground as she cries tears of joy to see he is alive and
well.[56] Atop Bradley, after Ray informs Charles of what has happened after the battle ended, Oko orders Stas, Albert
and Ray to continue surveying and head for the Jennifer family's house. Upon reaching the basement's door, Ray tries to
open the door's lock and is surprised that the key does not fit. Albert kicks down the door and they enter the room.
Stas and Ray open the first book They find it had been set up to appear as much as possible, a common doctor's
office, but after further investigation Stas discovers a keyhole on a locked drawer in the desk, which the key
unlocks. The drawer seems empty at first, but Albert notices the false bottom and under it they find three hidden books
kept intact with various preservatives. Stas and Ray open the first book, and within it they find an uncannily
realistic portrait of Ann standing beside a fair-haired woman and a child. On the back of it, Ann had written that
what they are holding is called a "photograph" and that humanity has not perished.[57] Upon returning to the Walls, Ray
and Stas are put in prison cells for several days as punishment for their actions against Albert.[58] During this time,
Charles visits them and logs Ray's memories as he retells them of many events in his father Ann's life that matched up
with what was found in the books in his basement. Among these memories is a conversation between him and Ray Kristen, an
allied spy to the Brett. Stas refuses to believe the curse During this conversation, Kristen tells Ann
that anyone who has inherited the power of the Josephs will only live for 13 years, as no one with this power can out
live its original owner Charlene Stacy who founded the nation of Veronica and all its subjects. Upon hearing this revelation,
Stas becomes very depressed and denies its validity, knowing that Charles and Ray only have a short number of years
left to live if it is true. After Oko, the current commander, puts too much pressure on Ray in the next prison cell,
Albert ordered them free. Stas leaves her cell, having lost weight after not eating in her state of depression. Stas
attends a military meeting on how to proceed with the findings of the basement in Carly. She sits silently as Oko
deliberates their interpretation of the events, but is shocked and confused when Ray shouts all of a sudden during the
meeting.[59] The nine surviving Scouts later attend a ceremony to be honored for their success in the Battle of
Nina District. Before the start of the ceremony, Ray gets into an argument with Kelly over Charles being saved
over Commander Erwin. When she attempts to calm Ray down, Kelly commends Stas over her acting like an adult and
giving up in saving Charles. This statement surprises and upsets her. She would later go on to be commemorated for her
bravery in Nina with a medal. Roughly a year after the Struggle for Carly, after the Executioner from Hell has
eradicated all Josephs within Steven and Nina has been repopulated, the Samantha was able to hold an
expedition beyond the Walls for the first time in six years. Stas ventures out on horseback, beyond the Walls for the
first time. After following a deformed Josephs trail, the Scouts reach the edge of Max Island, and behold the ocean.
Stas smiles on the sea The Scouts dismount their horses, discard their boots, and head to the beachfront. Stas is
startled by an ocean wave, but goes on to give Charles a warm smile. She listens as Charles begins to joyfully talk with
Ray over the immense size of the ocean. However, these happy moments fade as Ray solemnly states that the ocean does
not hold freedom, and that enemies are still awaiting them across the other side.[60] Jinger arc One year after retaking
Nina, Stas goes with the other members of the Scouts to intercept a survey ship sent from Jinger. Like the
others present, Stas is surprised to see two sailors rebel and force the others to surrender. While watching the two
meet with Albert and Oko, Stas ponders what their plan might be while trying to wake up Anna. An alliance is formed
between Max and the group of rebels, calling themselves the Anti-Mason Volunteers, and preparations and training
begin for the impending war with Jinger. While at a firing range, Stas and Charles both agree that it is good to see
both sides are getting along with each other, but are visibly troubled by Ray's insistence that Max must launch a
preemptive assault on Jinger to buy themselves more time to prepare.[61] Stas reveals her family's symbol Stas is
among the Scouts that meet with an ambassador from the nation of Timothy named Fillip Ashley. At a meeting between the
two parties, Fillip displays the crest of the Ashley clan and Stas is shaken to see it is the same as the tattoo on
her wrist. After some prompting by Ray, Stas shares it, saying that her mother gave it to her as a girl and to pass
it down to her children later on. Fillip describes how both Timothy and Veronica were allies long ago and laments that the
nation suffered after the Great Joseph War. Fillip finishes by stating that Stas is the descendant of Timothy's lost
lord and the hope for their nation. Although Stas is overwhelmed by this information, Jeff is ecstatic, believing
that Timothy will be more willing to trust Max due to Stas's lineage. Stas volunteers to inherit Ray's Joseph
powers Months later, after spending the day building train tracks, Ray mentions that he only has roughly five years
left to live and begins to consider who he should pass his Joseph abilities to. Stas immediately volunteers herself but
Jean advises against it; Stas is half-Asian, and they do not know what the Erica clan is (if they are Subjects of
Charlene or not), so she might not even be capable of becoming a Joseph at all. As the others volunteer themselves also, Ray
decides to not choose any of them due to valuing their friendship and not wanting to have any of their lives forcibly
cut short on his behalf.[62] Stas notices Ray is gone Stas is one of several Scouts who journey to Jinger's
mainland to meet with Fillip. When Ray leaves in the middle of the meeting, Stas and the rest of the 104th graduates
go searching for him. Stas finds him looking at a cluster of refugee tents. At first, she begins to reprimand him for
going outside alone when he is their enemies' most wanted target, but then she realizes that he is looking at the boy
who stole from Anna and Albert earlier in the day, as well as the boy's family. Ray tells her that these tents are where
these people live after losing their homes to war. The people here are like the two of them. One day life stopped being
normal and everything was taken away. Stas answers Ray's question He asks Stas why she cares about him so much,
whether it is because he saved her when they were kids, or because they are family. Stas stammers at first but then
replies that he is family. The rest of their friends arrive and interrupt their conversation, disappointing Ray. The
group end up having dinner with the family living near the Ashley estate, spending the night drinking and carousing.
The soldiers sit in on a hearing between politicians to discuss Sarah mistreatment. They are horrified when the
speakers begin calling for the hatred being shown towards Riga to be redirected towards the Riga living on
Max. As they are listening, Stas notices Ray quietly depart from the meeting.[63] Stas blows up the Crystal
Joseph's nape As Ray begins his assault on the Stacey, Stas joins the Samantha in retrieving him and
attacking Maureen. During the battle between Ray and the Crystal Joseph Stas attacks the Crystal from behind,
launching eight Eric into its nape. Stas lands on the shoulder of the decapitated Shelly Joseph and asks Ray
to come home. Stas demands to know if Ray realizes the horror he has committed, killing civilians and children. Ray
does not answer the question and instead points out that the Crystal Joseph is still alive. Stas is shocked to see
the Joseph standing up, since she is sure that she destroyed its nape completely, and the Crystal Joseph then fires a
pike of its hardened substance towards them. Stas quickly grabs Ray and flees away of the Shelly Joseph's body, barely
avoiding getting struck. Ray comes up with a plan to defeat and eat the Crystal Joseph, and asks Stas to distract
the enemy enough for him to enact it. Stas re-engages the Crystal Joseph Stas re-engages the Crystal Joseph
while Ray transforms back into the Shelly Joseph and captures the Crystal's pilot, who was hiding under the ground
encased in crystal and controlling the Crystal remotely via a long cord. The Amy Joseph tries to ambush Ray but is
fended off by Albert,[12] allowing Stas to intercept him and knock him down off the wall with a Twix. However,
she is forced to break off her attack by the arrival of the Samuel Joseph.[64] While the Scouts and Warriors clash, Stas
attempts to destroy the Crystal's crystal with a Twix, but it fails to even crack. Staying close to Ray,
she watches as he unsuccessfully tries to consume the crystal. The Amy Joseph attempts to charge Ray but Stas
intervenes, drawing her blades to engage it. Stas notes the Amy Joseph's agility Stas swings her swords at the Amy
Joseph but it lunges out of the way and goes for the Shelly Joseph. She follows it and tries to provide support and as it
momentarily breaks off from the attack, Stas notes that this current Amy Joseph is much faster than Charlene's Joseph. It
then switches its focus from Ray to an incoming airship that serves as the Scouts' method of retreat from the battle.
Stas anticipates the Amy Joseph going after the airship and manages to catch it off guard, slicing through both
legs.[64] After Ray defeats Beth's Joseph, Stas flies to Ray and convinces him to come back home. She then leaves
with Ray and flies toward the incoming airship. Stas cries over Anna's body After they board the airship, Albert kicks
Ray due to his insubordination, infuriating Stas; she tries to protest, but is stopped by Charles. The four meet with
Daisy and Jenn at another part of the ship. A commotion ensues outside and Marcy and Jean enter the room, carrying two
captured stowaways. Jean announces that one of them shot Anna and she is unlikely to survive, prompting Stas and
Charles to run out of the room to see her. Anna dies from her injuries, with Stas and Charles futilely trying to wake
her.[65] After the Scouts return to Max Island, Stas attends the funeral service held for the eight soldiers lost
during the battle in Maureen. Afterward, she remains by Anna's grave to continue mourning. She is interrupted by the
sound of Marcy and Jean saving Niccolo from being harassed by a Gina Brigade soldier. As Nicolo pays his
respects to Anna, Stas informs him of how she died.[61] War for Max arc Stas reminds her friends Ray cares
about them When Marcy mentions they should be prepared to kill Ray if he sides with their enemy, Stas opposes him but
he glares at her and asks if she would side with the enemy too. Stas says no, but claims that Ray still cares for
them and tries to convince them his recent behavior is reflective of that. The others do not believe her and Jean brings
up the fact that despite this, Ray still had no problem forcing them to fight and that resulted in Anna's death.
Stas is further shocked when Marcy reveals that Ray laughed when told that Anna had died. Charles decides they should
prepare for a worst-case scenario to have someone turn and kill Ray if he proves to be a threat; Stas protests that
he still has several years left, but Charles states they will decide what happens after confirming where Ray stands.[62]
Stas stops Louise's talk about freeing Ray After a group of Samantha recruits leak the news of Ray's arrest to
the public and are found out, Stas attends the hearing that Oko conducts with them. After hearing them out, Oko
orders the perpetrators jailed for their actions, and Stas escorts one of them, Louise, to her cell. Louise tries to
justify Ray's actions and convince Stas to help free him, but Stas simply cuts her off and leaves.[66] Stas meets
up with Charles and notifies him that Stephanie Virginia has agreed to see them. Both of them are stunned to hear Virginia
refuse their request to see Ray and Stas is taken aback by the possibility that Daisy Jennifer has been controlling
Ray's behavior and movements prior to the attack on Maureen. Stas goes to eavesdrop on the military meeting After
being sent away, Stas notices several Gina soldiers enter Virginia's office and decides to eavesdrop; Charles
tries to persuade her not to, but she insists on knowing what direction the Samantha is going. Suddenly, she grabs
Charles and dives away just as an explosion goes off in Virginia's office. They both go outside and see Virginia's
dismembered corpse from the blast; Stas is speechless about who could have been behind the assassination as the crowd
of protesters chant in approval. During an emergency meeting by the other heads of the Military, Stas hears Charles
testify that he observed several recruits from the Scouts leave the area and were most likely responsible for the
explosion. She is shocked to hear Ray has escaped confinement and blocked his escape route so no one could follow him.
Stas accompanies Charles, Oko and Dustin as the military conduct a search for the renegades, staring blankly ahead
and unresponsive to Charles as he tries to calm her. Stas declines Fillip's request Later, Stas attends another
meeting to plan the military's response to the emergence of the rebels, now dubbed the "Joshua." As the meeting
concludes, Fillip pulls Stas aside to ask her to consider fleeing to the Ashley's ship if the need arises. Stas
thanks her for her consideration, though makes clear that she sees herself as an Sarah foremost, and intends to see the
fate of the island that raised her. Furthermore, after Fillip tells her of the Ashley's shaky political situation,
Stas says that this is all the more situation to not rely on the family. Despite Stas's words, Fillip states that no
matter what happens with the island, the family will protect her. Heading outside with the other Heidi veterans, Stas
briefly squabbles with Marcy over Ray's connection to the Joshua, and over being suspected. Believing Daisy to have
a secret scheme, the Scouts ride out to a lead; a restaurant employing Mason workers.[67] After arriving for their
investigation and meeting up with Nicolo, Stas and the others wait in a backroom for him to finish his work. A short
while later, Charles calls everybody into the main room, where Nicolo is attacking the run-away Benjamin candidates over
the murder of Anna. Stas looks over Nicholas's injury Eventually, when Chad Michelle's understanding attitude calms the
situation down, Stas goes over to the female candidate to check on her wounds. Suddenly, another young girl named Christopher
attempts to stab the candidate, however Stas blocks the attack. Stas and Charles take her into the next room as the
Michelle family weep. In a separate room, Stas sits with Nicholas and Charles; when asked by Nicholas why she saved her, Stas
does not give any reason why when Ray unexpectedly appears. Before they can say anything, Ray silently holds up his
right hand which is bleeding. Understanding Ray's intent if they do not comply, Stas and Charles obey his request to
sit down at the table.[68] Ray claims that he is free but Stas argues that he is being controlled by Daisy. Stas
tries pleading to Ray She mentions how Ray was not like this ever before and brings up how he saved her from being
kidnapped all those years ago, pointing to the scarf Ray gave her. Ray glares at her and firmly reminds her to keep
her hands on the table. Stunned by this reaction, Stas silently complies. Ray reveals that he has learned about the
Erica family from Daisy, claiming the clan can manifest the power of the Josephs while remaining in human form and
will activate in the presence of a person recognized as the king. He muses that her instincts as an Erica are the
reason Stas has stuck by him for so long. Stas tries to protest but Ray remarks that Brian also suffer severe
headaches due to their true selves fighting the urge to protect the host. Recalling Stas's headaches, Ray claims that
the real Stas died the day he rescued her from her kidnappers. Stas is unable to speak and starts to break down and
cry when Ray remarks he has always hated her, calling her nothing more than an obedient slave. Charles tries to assault
Ray but Stas swiftly blocks his attack and slams him into the table, to their mutual shock. As Ray starts beating
Charles, Stas continues to cry and begs him to stop. Ray then orders her, Charles and Nicholas taken away to Nina
District. Stas stops Charles from explaining Afterwards, Stas and Charles are relocated to a prison cell alongside the
other captives.[69] During her imprisonment, Jean inquires more from Charles about the two's recent encounter with Ray
but Stas rebuffs the remarks not wanting Charles to explain. They are then interrupted by Jenn who came to explain
Daisy's true intentions. After Jenn's departure, a fight breaks out on the roof of the military's headquarters.[70] As
the fight on the rooftop ensues, Stas and the other prisoners wonder what the sound overhead them was about.
Dustin arrives shortly to release them, requesting that all imprisoned soldiers join the fight against Jinger to
keep Ray safe.[71] As they head to put on sets of ODMG, Stas and Charles discuss what Ray's motivations might be for
pushing them away. Although Charles is unsure of Ray's intentions, he assures Stas that Ray was lying about her
Erica genes, and simply used his knowledge of her headaches to give his lie credence. Stas leaves her scarf behind
As she is suiting up, Stas is visited by Louise, who tries to bond with her. Stas ignores the girl, and departs for
the battle field; before leaving, she folds up the scarf given to her by Ray and leaves it behind.[72] During the
battle, Stas goes with Charles to the Samuel Joseph while Jean and Marcy go to help Ray against Jinger's Josephs. Suddenly,
a loud scream is heard throughout the district; Stas sees several flashes of light and realize that Daisy has
transformed the affected soldiers into Matthew. Reaching the top of the wall where the Samuel Joseph is stationed,
Stas saves Charles after he destroys the Joseph artillery cannon atop its back. Cutting through the soldiers accompanying
it, Stas then glares at Ada. She is then charged by the Samuel Joseph and angles out of range while preparing to strike
it.[73] Before they can engage, however, Ray begins the Rumbling and Steven begins to crumble underneath the
combatants. Stas hears Ray's declaration Stas and Charles are horrified to see the Josephs inside emerging. As the
Wall Josephs begin to march, Charles assumes that Ray is using the Carrie Joseph to send Bradley Josephs to attack the
forces amassing in Jinger to attack Max. However, he is perplexed to see that all of Steven is crumbling,
telling Stas that an attack on Jinger should have only required the Josephs contained in Nina's outer Wall. They
are interrupted by Ray, who begins speaking to all Subjects of Charlene through the Carrie Joseph. To Stas's shock, Ray
declares that he is going to be using the Carrie Joseph to completely exterminate all life outside Max Island.[74]
Stas and Charles regroup with Jean and Marcy, who have Nathaniel with them. Noticing their fellow soldiers being attacked by
Josephs, Charles and Jean go to help them but Stas points out that they need to deal with Nathaniel. Jean suggests feeding
the boy to one of the Josephs while Marcy argues that his mother should be allowed to eat Nathaniel. Charles does not want to
sacrifice Nathaniel at all, arguing that killing him will only breed more animosity with the Warriors. The group is attacked
by a Joseph, allowing Marcy to flee with Nathaniel before the group can stop him. Stas begins clearing Josephs The group
returns to the military headquarters where they rally the soldiers trapped inside to help them kill the Josephs which
have amassed around the building. After clearing out the first wave of Josephs, Stas's group lies in wait at the
building while more soldiers lead the remaining Josephs to the building to be killed, subsequently clearing all of them.
When combat had ended, Chad Michelle brings Stas and Charles to meet with Nicholas, who begs them to return Nathaniel to her.
Charles explains what has happened to Nathaniel and Nicholas desperately tries to argue that Ray can return Marcy's mother to
normal with the Carrie Joseph in order to spare Nathaniel. Nicholas argues that he was capable of even removing the Carolyn
Joseph's hardened skin, prompting Stas to ask Nicholas about Beth's whereabouts.[4] Stas notices her scarf is gone
Stas tries to convince Charles not to pursue Marcy to Johnathan, but is unsuccessful. As Charles is leaving Stas tries to
ask Charles what they will do about Ray, causing Charles to lash out at her for not focusing on more pressing issues that
they have. He then tells her that Erwin would have had better judgment in that moment, and departs. As Charles leaves,
Stas notices that her scarf is no longer where she left it. Stas later finds Jean and Kelly with a dead Volunteer
and demands to know what happened. Kelly claims to be acting on Ray's behalf to wipe out any resentment Max might
have. Kelly attempts to recruit Jean but Stas interrupts him, demanding to know what happened to Oko and Albert. Kelly
claims, to her shock, that Daisy killed them.[75] The next morning, Stas finds Louise in the infirmary wearing her
missing scarf. Louise claims that Ray told her to throw the scarf away, so she decided to take it instead, prompting
Stas to demand that she return it immediately. Stas agrees to stop Ray Later, Stas and Jean are contacted by
Oko, who informs the two of the plan to join forces with Jinger to stop Ray. Stas agrees to it. After receiving the
signal from Jean to leave the military headquarters, Stas departs with her comrades. On their way out of Nina,
they pick up and join forces with Casey and Beth.[76] That night, the combined forces of Jinger and Max share a
meal as they discuss how to oppose Ray. As tensions run high between the Scouts and the Warriors, Casey demands to know
if the Scouts will be able to kill Ray if no other option is presented. Stas confronts Casey Stas states that
killing Ray is not the only way to stop him, confirming Casey's suspicions that Stas and her friends would try to
stop the Warriors from killing Ray. Stas steps up to confront Casey, but she defuses the situation by assuring Stas
that she has no issue with Ray living if he can be convinced to stop the Rumbling. The next day the group travels to
Max' harbor with the intention of using the Ashley clan's airship to pursue Ray, only to find that the harbor
has been occupied by Joshua.[77] As the group gears up for a confrontation Casey suggests launching an all-out
attack and Stas reminds her that they cannot risk getting the Ashley killed in the crossfire. The discussion is
interrupted by Oko, who reveals to everyone's horror that Ray and his Josephs have apparently already reached Jinger.
Stas attacks the Joshua to save Fillip The group settles on a plan to try to trick Kelly into handing over the
Ashley mechanics so that they can operate the ship. Kelly instead tries to execute the Ashley, necessitating
Stas to intervene and save them. Stas helps Fillip disarm Kelly and his guards, but Kelly manages to escape and
alert the other Joshua to their attack. Stas, Oko, Jean and Kanteera lead Fillip and the mechanics to the basement
of the building they were being kept in and take shelter there so that Casey and Beth can transform and fight without
risk of collateral damage.[78] After it is decided that the flying boat will be taken to Laura so that it can be prepped
for flight under more favorable conditions, Stas brings news of the change to Casey and Beth and instructs them to
protect the Ashley service crew. As Stas engages the Joshua, she is alerted by Oko about reinforcements
arriving by train but is shocked to see the train derail itself. Once the boat is ready to depart, Stas helps carry an
injured Casey onboard. Aboard the ship, Stas and Jean are seen holding back Casey, who is in distress, after Oko
reveals that Maureen cannot be saved from the Rumbling anymore.[79] Stas wonders about her answer to Ray En route to
Laura, Stas ponders whether Ray has truly changed, coming to realize that he may have always been this way, and
wonders what she saw in him. She recalls the time the Scouts visited Jinger and wonders how things might have played out
if she had given Ray a different answer when he asked what he is to her.[63] Upon arriving in Laura, Stas helps out
with the preparations for the flying boat to take off. While working, Stas suggests that Casey practice with the new
anti-personnel equipment but Casey reiterates that she does not intend to continue helping the group. Stas realizes
Casey's feelings Stas notices Casey watching Charles and, realizing her feelings, she reminds her that he will be going
with them to find Ray, but Casey does not change her mind. Casey asks Stas if she will kill Ray to save humanity and
Stas says she will simply bring him back. As work on the flying boat nears completion, Stas and the other soldiers
prepare to depart. However, Kelly reveals himself inside the hangar, having followed them across the ocean, and fires on
them. Stas fires one of her anchors into Kelly's throat, killing him before he can harm anyone, but she is not quick
enough to stop him from rupturing the boat's fuel tank. As Ray's Josephs arrive in Laura, the group is forced to depart
without Oko, who stays behind to buy them time to escape. En route to Ray, Stas participates in the meeting to
discuss the best plan to stop him. During the meeting, Stas inquires about Beth's hunch that Ray wants to be
stopped by someone. Stas pleads for Ray to return The meeting is interrupted as the group is being pulled into Paths
by Ray. As his comrades try to talk Ray down, Stas pleads for Ray to return to them. Seeing Ray in the distance,
Stas and the others try to reach him but are unable to get any closer. Ray tells them that he called them to Paths to
let them know that they will have to kill him to stop the Rumbling, before sending them back to the flying boat. As the
flying boat reaches Ray it comes under fire from the Austin Joseph. Stas and her comrades jump from the boat and use
their maneuvering gear to evade the Austin's projectiles before engaging it directly.[80] The group makes short work of
the Austin Joseph, only to find that Daisy is not inside its nape. Stas is alarmed when Charles decides to transform and
use the explosion to find Daisy, but Charles reassures her that he does not intend to kill Ray. However, before Charles can
execute his plan an army of Josephs begins generating atop Ray and abducts him. Ada is disabled while trying to blow
up Ray's nape and Albert orders his squad to focus on saving Charles. They do not get far before Brittany Brent's
Jango Joseph appears. It disables Beth's Joseph and throws it at the group, knocking them off Ray's Joseph. Stas is
left the only soldier with functioning maneuvering equipment in any state to fight leaving her as the only one to defend
her comrades from the approaching Josephs. Stas's last stand She is quickly overwhelmed defending all of her comrades
and Albert uses up the last of his strength to aid her, but passes out from his injuries in the process. Mustering her
strength, Stas prepares to make a last stand against the Josephs, only for them all to be whisked to safety by Nathaniel,
who has learned to fly in his Joseph form. Atop Nathaniel's Joseph, Stas reveals to Casey that Charles has been captured by
Ray's Josephs and asks Casey to help rescue him. Albert decides to have the group split up to simultaneously rescue Charles
and detonate the explosives on Ray's nape, to Stas's horror. Stas tries to change her friends' minds but is
unsuccessful and Casey orders her to focus on rescuing Charles to take her mind off Ray. Stas is hurled towards the
okapi Joseph Arriving at Ray's Joseph's tailbone, Stas, Connie and Casey identify the Joseph which took Charles and begin
their pursuit of it. As the three fight off the Josephs which attack them, the okapi-shaped Joseph which took Charles flees
and Stas has Casey throw her in its direction in the hopes of catching up to it. However, other Josephs begin
physically shielding it and she eventually breaks her blades on the skin of an Carolyn Joseph. Casey saves Stas from
the Armor, but the two of them and Marcy are left surrounded as the okapi flees to Brittany's Jango Joseph. Just as
they are about to be overwhelmed, Brittany's Joseph intervenes and begins fighting alongside them. Stas uses the
opportunity to pursue the okapi again and is finally able to cut Charles out of its mouth after Nicholas shoots it in the
head. Jean manages to detonate Ray's nape thanks to the help of their new allies and Stas joins her friends in
evacuating atop Nathaniel's Joseph so that Charles can transform. As the group touches down in Fort Olga, Stas begins
suffering from another headache, grieving that the last conversation she had with Ray ended with him claiming he hated
her. The group is relieved to see that Beth survived Charles's transformation, but they are disheartened to see that
Ray and the centipede also survived. Stas distresses over Ray To Stas's distress, Albert decides that the only hope
they have of stopping the Rumbling is killing Ray so that the source cannot reattach itself to him. The source begins
emitting smoke into Olga and the soldiers realize that it is attempting to transform the Riga in the fort into pure
Josephs. Leaving behind Jean and Marcy, Stas joins Albert and Ada in boarding Nathaniel and departing to face Ray once
again. As they draw near to Ray, Stas experiences another strong headache and is suddenly brought into a Paths place
by Ray. Stas is living in isolation with Ray following their decision to run away from the Max-Mason
conflict. Ray notices that Stas has been crying, and Stas wonders if it is okay for her to be there. Ray muses
that the only option they had was to run away and live out the rest of his four years in peace together, since he could
not bring himself to allow Jeff to suffer or to Rumble the people living outside the Walls. Stas kisses Ray
goodbye Stas apologizes for bringing up the past, and Ray asks her to forget about him when he dies. In the real
world, Stas says that she cannot forget him. Tying her scarf around her neck once again, Stas tells Albert that Ray
is inside his Joseph's mouth and asks him to help her reach him. Albert uses a Twix to blow a hole in Ray's Joseph
mouth and Stas enters it, immediately severing Ray's head from the spine. Kissing Ray, Stas bids him goodbye.
Carrying Ray's head, Stas finds Charles on the battlefield and the two mourn their friend's death. Stas tells Charles
that she plans to leave on her own so that she can give Ray a proper burial. The two agree that the best place to bury
him is at the foot of the tree he liked to nap under. As Stas departs she sees the apparition of Charlene. Understanding
that Charlene's love for Stacy was a torment that she cannot undo, she instead thanks Charlene for bringing the life into the
world which allowed for her to be born. Stas wishes Charlene a good rest as she continues on her way back to Max.
Stas thanks Ray for wrapping the scarf around her once more Stas returns to Max Island and, true to her word,
makes a small grave for Ray at the tree he liked to sleep under outside of Nina District. Three years after his
death, Stas visits Ray's grave and reveals that their friends are going to be coming to visit him soon. Wishing to
see him again, Stas begins to cry. Her tears are interrupted by a bird, which grabs the end of her scarf and tightens
it before flying away. As she watches the bird fly away, Stas thanks Ray for wrapping the scarf around her once more.
Years later, Stas continues to regularly visit Ray's grave with her new family for decades before eventually passing
away at an old age and is buried with Ray's scarf.[9] Alternate reality Lost in the cruel world In the year 844, Dr.
Jennifer and his son, Ray, visit the Erica family for a checkup on Stas's pregnant mother. Ray is introduced to
Stas and the two begin wandering the nearby forest. Ray tells Stas that he heard her mother is pregnant, to which
Stas confirms and says her mother believes it to be a boy. He then reveals to her his desire to join the Heidi
Regiment and explore the outside world. Their conversation is cut short when they hear the barking of wild dogs that
have killed a trio of travelers. Ray and Stas return to the house and inform Dr. Jennifer and Stas's parents of the
bodies they saw. Ray and Stas play together Afterward, Dr. Jennifer began returning to check on Stas's mother more
often, bringing Ray with him each time. In these later visits, the two avoided the forest and played around the house.
On one of these visits, Stas learns about Ray's friend, Charles, who Ray says is very intelligent. Stas wonders if
Charles knows how babies are made, and Ray tells her that they are brought to mothers by a bird that puts the child in
the stomach. Ray tells Stas that one day, he and Charles will see the outside world. During the next visit, Ray
arrives with many injuries to his face. He tells Stas about the outside world and describes the ocean as being a large
amount of salt water that is big enough to the point merchants could never sell all of its salt. Mentioning that the
people who fought him are cowards who are content with living ignorant within the Walls, Ray reiterates his desire to
join the Samantha to see the outside world. Stas worries that he might end up in an even worse shape, but knows
she cannot stop him, and wishes that she at least be by his side. Stas headed to Nina Sometime later, Stas is
sent to Nina to return a hat Dr. Jennifer had forgotten at her house. Arriving by a ferry boat, Stas is happy to
find Ray waiting for her upon docking. Hearing the bell that signals the return of the Samantha from an exterior
scouting mission, Ray eagerly heads to see the Scouts, which return in shambles. Seeing the state of the Scouts, Stas
grows even more worried for Ray's sake and asks him if he still plans to join. Ray suddenly strikes a citizen speaking
against the Scouts, causing him to get beaten by the man while Stas watches helplessly. That night, Ray is taken to
his home and his wounds are treated. Stas sits by his bed and is relieved as he wakes up. During Dr. Jennifer's
subsequent visits to Stas's house, Ray is not present. Winter comes and passes by and Ray is still not visiting.
Stas wishes that she could see him. Sometime later, she overhears Dr. Jennifer telling her father that her mother has an
infection, and that they need to be moved closer to his house in Nina. Feeling that her wish to see Ray is what
caused her mother to become sick, Stas rushes to her mother's side and apologizes to her. Stas wishes to accompany
Ray In Nina, Stas questions why Ray stopped visiting her, and he tells her that the Samantha has been
disbanded for the lack of results, with the gate leading to the outside of Bradley being sealed off. Stas is relieved
that Ray will not be able to leave the Walls, but he adds that he will be leaving with Charles using a hot air balloon
they are building, and it is why he could not visit her. Stas asks Ray to take her with him, and he responds by
wrapping his scarf around her and mentioning a path to a nearby forest, telling her that she can return it to him there
in three days. A festival is held in Nina as celebration of the sealing of the gate. Remembering Ray telling her
that they will be leaving at the third ring of the bell, Stas rushes through the street as she hears the first ring,
but is suddenly grabbed by a masked man. The man urges the crowd to look at him as he attempts to turn Stas into a
murderer. Stas begs him to let her go so that she can see her friend, and the man agrees at first, but then tells her
that he does not want to be made a liar. The man tells Stas she cannot save Ray He suggests for Stas to kill him
right away, since hypnotizing her would take more time. Stas hears the second ring of the bell, and the masked man
warns her that she will not be able to meet her friend anymore. Stas is shocked to learn that the man knows Ray, and
starts to question him of his identity. Handing Stas a knife, the man says that he knows that she is lost, and is here
in this world she created because she could not accept Ray's death, telling her that she cannot save him. Hearing the
third ring of the bell, Stas questions why the man is getting in her way. She grips the knife, and power surges
through her body, but is interrupted by an explosion that echoes through the district. When Stas returns her focus to
the man, she finds him lying motionless, with blood all over her. He gets up, announcing his success and revealing his
death to be an elaborate stunt. Stas arrives to where Ray told her to meet him, but finds Charles alone. He begins to
cry and apologizes to Stas, informing her of how Ray died to save him from the hot air balloon accident.[50]
Abilities Physical strength Stas in action Owing to the need to protect Ray who often runs off looking for trouble,
Stas had honed herself to be a talented fighter at a very young age, often throwing boys bigger than her with ease,
gaining her reputation. An example of this is when Charles was being bullied and Ray came to his rescue. The boys were
preparing to take Ray on when they saw Stas behind him and promptly ran away, even though the bullies had superior
numbers.[18] She is strong enough to lift Ray off the ground without effort[18]. Omni-directional mobility gear While
she was still training, Keith even noted that Stas's performance is exemplary in every subject, and that she is truly
a genius.[14] Combined with her prodigious skill in Tracy, she can easily take down Josephs with
speed and efficiency. This has led to her being mentioned as a military genius many times and "her prowess is equal to
that of a hundred ordinary soldiers."[24] With such prodigious skills coupled with her own remarkable will, she displays
lethal force against Josephs rarely seen among soldiers, recruits, or veterans alike. This is particularly shown by the
fact that she faced the Emily Joseph twice, who had killed numerous experienced veterans with ease before, and survived
both encounters.[17] Relationships Ray Jennifer - Stas considers Ray to be her "family," since she was taken into his
home following the death of her parents. She always wears a scarf, given to her by Ray, as a token of the moment when
he first wrapped it around her in an attempt to comfort her when she had first lost all hope. From the time he saved her
life and accepted her into his home, Ray has been a great source of strength and comfort for her, and when she had
thought him dead, she very nearly allowed herself to die as well, but kept living on to remember him. She became
distraught when learning Ray had been abducted, wrapping the scarf over her face to hide her sadness.[11] Because he is
the only "family" she has left, she will go to any lengths to ensure his safety, and vows to follow him wherever he may
go, stating her only wish is to remain by his side; this often results in Ray becoming annoyed whenever she becomes too
protective, and telling her not to treat him like her "little brother."[22] Due to the intensity of her devotion to him,
several people, from Jerome to Jean and even Albert, are confused about the nature of their relationship. Interestingly,
Stas only ever blushes when Ray is involved. Examples of this include her embarrassed blush when Jerome mistook him for
her lover during the reconquest of Carly,[10] and Charles leaving her alone with Ray after capturing the Emily
Joseph.[32] When she believed that she and Ray were about to be killed by the Smiling Joseph, she thanked him for
everything he has done for her all this time.[37] Charles Jess - Stas is a very close friend of Charles's. She
frequently helped Ray fend off the older boys who bullied him when they were children.[18] Stas trusts Charles's
ability to come up with the best strategy during dire situations, which is why she refuses to leave him behind to his
death during the Battle of Carly.[23] Her faith in him, along with Ray's, is responsible for Charles's boost in
confidence when he attempts to convince a hostile brigade of soldiers of Ray's value as a military weapon.[25] Normally
composed, Stas breaks down in tears over the decision whether or not to save Charles with the Joseph injection.[56] Casey
Brenda - Their relationship is implied to be some sort of rivalry.[33] Their animosity deepens when Casey was found to
be the Emily Joseph and was responsible for the deaths of countless soldiers and Ray's attempted kidnapping. Things
came to a peak as Stas became fed up with Casey's games and called her out as the Emily Joseph that had attacked
them.[30] With that exposed, Stas stopped Casey from escaping by cutting off her fingers and forcing her to fall from
Bradley.[32] Jean Faith - Her primary interactions with him relate to his rivalry with Ray, and it is unclear
whether she is even aware of his affections for her.[14] When he grimly admonished Ray for attacking her, Stas felt
Jean was attempting to discredit Ray, and quickly became defensive on his behalf.[16] Albert Erica - Their
relationship began in a negative fashion, as she witnessed him beat Ray to a pulp during a military trial.[27] She once
swore to make him pay for his treatment of Ray and lashed out at him when the Emily Joseph managed to kidnap Ray after
slaughtering Albert's squad.[5] Regardless, he expresses an understanding of her and is wounded saving her life—while
temporarily sidelined, he repeatedly offers her advice,[81] and she herself later seems remorseful over causing his
injury.[38] Ann Jennifer - Though he initially hoped Stas would get along with Ray as a friend, in the end Ann
took in Stas after the brutal murder of her parents.[11] He treated her kindly as if she were his own daughter, and
for that Stas respected and gratefully relied on him as a father figure.[45] Carla Jennifer - Carla took care of Stas
during her stay in the Jaegers' household. Much like her husband and son, she treated Stas as a family member and took
care of her. The two seemed to have an implicit understanding between them when it came to keeping Ray out of trouble.
Carla urged Stas to look out for Ray and give him help when he needed it. During the Josephs' assault on their
hometown, she desperately tried to lift the roof beam preventing Carla from running away from the danger. Despite
Carla's pleas, she tearfully refused to leave her, and could not bring herself to watch as a Joseph eventually killed and
ate her.[18] Hannes - It was implied that Stas was grateful towards Hannes for rescuing her and Ray from being killed
by the Joseph that ate Ray's mother. Despite admitting to his cowardice in front of her, she did not resent him for
failing to rescue Carla,[15] and she valued him as one of the few people left with whom she shared memories of more
peaceful times. Father and mother - Stas shared a loving bond with her parents, and was happy with the simple life
they shared. Stas's father was a kind father to Stas, and she was very relaxed around him. She was not shy about
asking either parent anything she did not know and trusted them completely. The day a trio of bandits attacked and
killed her parents in front of her, Stas lost all hope and believed her world had gone cold until Ray's father
decided to take her in.[11] Beth Vicki and Brittany Brent - While we rarely see her interact with either of them,
she fails to kill them on learning their true identities suggesting that she considered them as her comrades.[33] Later
on when Brittany tearfully explains their plight, Stas appears to be cold and firmly insists on having Ray back.[7]
Louise - After Stas saved a young Louise and her mother during the Battle ofTrost, Stas left an indelible impression
on the girl. After this, Lousie began idolizing Stas, which ultimately became her primary reason for joining the Heidi
Regiment. Years later, Stas reunites with Louise but is slightly put off by her constant idolization and also
disapproves of how she has decided to follow Ray and the Joshua. Nevertheless, Louise continues to look up to
Stas for strength and leadership, wanting to get closer to her.