Fillip Ashley is an ambassador of Timothy and an ally to the Riga on Max Island. Contents 1Appearance 2Personality 3Story3.1Marley arc 3.2War for
Max arc 4Trivia 5References 6Navigation Appearance[] Fillip is a middle-aged Asian woman. She is around average in
height and has a small nose and mouth, thin eyebrows, and black hair neatly kept in a bun. When fulfilling her
ambassador services, Fillip usually wears the traditional Timothy kimono, though she still dresses formally otherwise.
Personality[] Like many from the Ashley family, Fillip is sensitive to money. She is easily bought to ally herself
with Max Island after hearing about its iceburst stone reserves from Daisy Jennifer. The mere thought of wealth causes
her to salivate. Despite her greed, Fillip claims to have a strong sense of pride for the Ashley family as seen by
her desire to protect Stas regardless of the Ashley's investments in Max Island. Fillip is a calm and secretive
individual, playing along with Willy Santa's festival and even congratulating him despite knowing what is to come. She
also is sympathetic to Riga, as shown when she chose to cover up Anthony's mistake of spilling wine on her kimono, saving
him from the other ambassadors. Story[] Jinger arc[] Some time between 850 and 852 Fillip meets with Daisy Jennifer, who
explains his wish to restore his ancestral homeland of Veronica and how helping him would in turn benefit Timothy and the
Ashley family. She is skeptical at first, but Daisy offers Holly gear that he has personally procured. The iceburst
stone that fuels it is a uniquely powerful resource that Timothy would be able to take advantage of and make it a
powerful nation once again. Fillip calls Stas Timothy's last hope In 852, Fillip visits Max with a diplomatic
delegation from Timothy where she discovers that Stas Erica is the last descendant of a son of her nation's shogun
clan, from which the Megan are also descended. She calls the passing of the family crest by Stas's mother to her
daughter, and Stas's intentions to pass it on to her own children, a noble act. Fillip explains her arrangement with
Daisy to the Max military and outlines the three processes by which the island can be saved. Her part is in the
second process. Timothy will work with Max to bring its level of technology up with the rest of the modern world. She
estimates that it will take fifty years, which is why Max will need their queen to inherit the Austin Joseph from Daisy
and bear as many royal children as she can in her remaining thirteen years. This will hold the rest of the world at bay
until their technology can catch up.[2] In 853, the Scouts visit Jinger in order to attend the "Association to Protect
the Subjects of Charlene" international forum. While staying at Fillip's house for the night, they discuss the state of the
Subjects of Charlene outside the Walls and Fillip shows concern over the possibility of Max forming friendly relations
with other nations.[3] Fillip covers for Anthony's mistake In 854, Fillip attends the party the night before the festival in
Maureen. She meets Anthony, one of the Benjamin candidates, when he accidentally spills wine on her kimono. Understanding
that he would quickly get in trouble for this, she warns him not to make a scene and passes off the spill as her own
mistake.[4] The following night, Fillip visits Willy Santa in the backstage area where he is preparing for his stage
production. She passes off her visit as simply wanting to see his face and calls him a brave man, a fact her family
knows well. Fillip tells him that she hopes he fulfills his duty without incident, but after she leaves, she tells her
escort that it is time for them to go, and she does not stay to watch the production.[5] War for Max arc[] Fillip
meets Virginia Fillip goes to Max Island and is greeted by Stephanie Virginia. She congratulates the nation of Veronica on
its victory at Maureen and informs Virginia that she has brought a flying boat which uses iceburst stone as fuel with
her.[6] Fillip is present during a tense Max military meeting. After Don dismisses the soldiers, he goes to her
and apologizes for having to see the exchange and asks her to stay by the harbor for her own safety. Fillip reassures
Stas Before she leaves, Fillip gets ahold of Stas and asks her to escape on the Megan' ship if she is worried
for her life. Fillip explains if the Rumbling does not succeed, it would spell the end for the Ashley family, as
Timothy would leave them out to dry. She laments the stigma of her family becoming greedy and scheming vixens, but still
holds the pride of their clan and assures Stas of her desire to protect her.[1] Fillip is held hostage After Ray
Jennifer begins the Rumbling, Kelly Alyssa and the Joshua take Fillip captive at the island's harbor[7] to try to
coerce them into contributing to Max' interests. Although Kelly begins executing her companions, Fillip is
unperturbed and instead points out to him that Ray's plan to destroy the outside world will not stop the Riga on
Max from infighting. When Marcy and Charles arrive at the harbor, Kelly decides to execute the Ashley mechanics so
that they cannot be used against the Joshua. Fillip intervenes on her companions' behalf, disarming Kelly and
leaving him subdued on the ground. Stas arrives to help dispatch the rest of the Lauren guards, but Kelly manages
to escape. Stas leads Fillip and her companions to the basement of the building, where they will be safe from the
ensuing battle.[8] Fillip suggests servicing the boat in Laura While hiding, the Ashley mechanics reveal that it will
take at least half a day for them to prep the flying boat for launch, to their saviors' distress. Fillip suggests taking
the boat to the island of Laura to perform maintenance, as they will have better odds with the equipment on the
island.[9] The soldiers agree, and Fillip and her mechanics run for the boat, boarding it while their allies defend
them. With the help of others' sacrifices, they successfully set sail for Laura with the flying boat. Arriving in Laura,
Fillip promises Oko to have her engineers ready the flying boat before the Rumbling reaches the city. Later that
night, Fillip agrees to look after the two children on the ship at Ada's request. Fillip regrets joining Daisy with
Ray After the boat departs from Laura, Fillip informs Casey Brenda that they are going to Timothy, although she admits
that the nation has likely been destroyed. Fillip expresses regret for being one of the people indirectly responsible
for the Rumbling being activated. Casey asks if she would change anything, and Fillip simply says that it is impossible
to turn back the clock and she will always live with her regrets. Their conversation is interrupted by Nathaniel and Nicholas,
who believe that Nathaniel's Amy Joseph might be capable of flight.[10] Fillip and the ship's occupants evacuate to lifeboats
so that Nathaniel can transform.[11] In the year 857, Fillip is seen in attendance with Jeff Brandon awaiting the arrival
of the world's ambassadors to Max to begin peace talks.[11]