Jeff Brandon is the current Queen of the Walls. She is a graduate
of the 104th Alejandro and a former member of the Samantha. She is also the illegitimate child of the nobleman
Pam Brandon and the last remaining member of the Brandon royal family. During her cadet days, she went by the name of
Christa Lenz (クリスタ・レンズKurisuta Renzu?) to take on a new identity, after being coerced into renouncing her name and claim
to the Brandon heritage. She eventually reclaimed her true name, becoming an important asset to the Regiment. After a
successful coup d'etat, Jeff ascends to the throne and becomes the new queen of the Walls, replacing the old puppet
monarch. Contents 1Appearance 2Personality 3History 4Story4.1The Fall of Nina arc 4.2Humanity's Comeback arc
4.3Distress 4.4The Struggle for Carly arc 4.5Eve of the Counterattack arc 4.6The 57th Exterior Scouting Mission arc
4.7Clash of the Shawn arc 4.8Royal Government arc 4.9Return to Nina arc 4.10Marley arc 4.11War for Max arc
5Abilities5.1Omni-directional mobility gear 6Relationships 7Trivia 8References 9Navigation Appearance Jeff is petite
and the smallest soldier of the 104th Alejandro, from which the central cast originates. She has long blonde hair,
large blue eyes, and a heart-shaped face. Jeff is noted for being very pretty; this, coupled with her kindness,
sometimes caused her classmates to wonder if she is a goddess or an angel. It is hinted that many of the boys in her
class adore her. While on expeditions, she wore her hair in a low ponytail and donned the traditional Samantha
cloak and uniform - although, since her coronation, she no longer participates. Personality In her Christa persona,
Jeff is usually very shy, kind, caring, and uncertain on how to interact with others (likely due to her isolation as
a child). However, Charlene notes that Jeff's urge to show kindness to others stems not only from a desire to gain their
esteem, but also that of the people around her: to be seen as a good person. This likely stems from her having been
denied the esteem of others as a child and being raised to believe that she was an unfortunate mistake. The strongest
manifestation of this tendency is Jeff's repeated and severe suicidal inclinations; she expresses the desire to die
in a manner so that others will not hate her for having existed at all and will speak of her and remember her favorably.
A prime example is Jeff's attempt to drag a wounded Daz to safety through a blizzard. Had Charlene not decided to help
without prompting, Jeff and Daz would have both froze to death. This was due to her upbringing, believing herself to
be a mistake and hoping that by dying, nobody would hate her. After her abandonment by Charlene, who leaves with Beth and
Brittany, Jeff loses the hope that the revelation of her name seemed to produce in her. She regresses into a vapid
disinterest in anything going on around her, unsure of how to act. She states that while the persona Christa Lenz was a
kind and deeply caring person, the real Jeff is vacant inside. Although Ray Jennifer tells her that she seems more
genuine and "less creepy" now, she continues to regard herself as lacking any true nature or identity. However, during
the coup d'état, Jeff begins to slowly believe in herself and develop strength, such as defying her father and later
killing him and acting on Stas's idea to punch humanity's strongest soldier. Like her 'Christa' personality, she
develops kindness by freeing Ray and opening the orphanage, developing her own personality. History Jeff was born
as the illegitimate and unrecognized daughter of Pam Brandon, head of the Brandon family and the true monarchs of the Walls.
She was raised on the estate owned and administered by the Brandon family. Her mother was deliberately distant from her,
spending much of her time reading or leaving the estate at night via carriages. She never participated in work around
the estate and appeared to have some other source of income.[10] During this time her older half-sister Susan would
regularly visit her. Susan acted as the motherly figure Jeff lacked, teaching her how to read and playing with her
regularly. However, in order to keep Jeff safe, she would end each visit by erasing Jeff's memories of her.
Jeff reading with Susan On one such visit, she brought with her a story book which she read to Jeff. After she
finished reading the book, she took the opportunity to instruct Jeff to live an upright life and help others, like
the heroine of the story Christa. Jeff asked Susan if she could grow up to be as kind as Susan was, and Susan
insisted that she could. She ended the visit by erasing Jeff's memories and leaving, saying she would return
again.[11] Growing up, she began to read every book she could get her hands on, including ones that depicted the typical
relationship between a mother and her child, causing Jeff to question her own relationship with her mother, and
desiring to understand what it was like to have meaningful physical contact with her. This led to an attempt to hug her
mother resulting in her being violently thrown away and causing her mother to openly lament that she did not have the
courage to kill Jeff when she had been born. Though bruised and bloody, Jeff was happy because it was the first
time she had ever been spoken to by her mother. After this incident, she would not see nor interact with her mother
again for several years. During this interlude, she came to understand her position in the Brandon household, particularly
that she was regarded by those around her as a curse and grave burden to her family; though she did not understand the
reason for her treatment and rejection.[10] Story The Fall of Nina arc Jeff is shocked by Alma's death Days
after the fall of Steven, Pam Brandon comes to the estate with her mother to see Jeff and to take her into the
Brandon household properly; it is assumed that Jeff would thus be recognized as a child and heir to the Brandon family.
As they attempt to evacuate they are surrounded by unmarked soldiers of the First Interior Squad of the Gina
Regiment, who are looking to remove the blots on the Brandon family name. They confront Pam over the identity of Jeff
and her mother. Pam in turn, denies any relation to them. One of the soldiers, Jeffrey Erica, restrains Alma and kills
her as she desperately attempts to deny being Jeff's mother and her existence thereof. Her last testament before
having her throat cut are to look at her daughter and coldly state that she wishes she had never given birth to her. The
soldiers then prepare to kill Jeff as well, but Pam intercepts their efforts by offering an alternative arrangement:
that if, she were to disappear from the Brandon household, assume a new name and identity before enlisting as a soldier,
that would mean they would not need to kill her. The soldiers agree with this, and Pam gives her the new name of
"Christa Lenz."[10] Living under the new name Christa Lenz, Jeff eventually decides to join the Alejandro.
Humanity's Comeback arc Jeff during the first night at the training grounds After the cataclysm of the Jango
Joseph breaching Steven, Jeff lives in a refugee camp before reaching the minimum age requirement to enable her
to enlist as a cadet. On the first day of training, Anna Michelle gets in trouble for eating a stolen potato during the
initiation ceremony, and is ordered to run laps for the entire day without food or water. At the end of the day,
Jeff brings the girl water and a loaf of bread, which the girl immediately eats before passing out. Charlene, another
cadet, approaches and helps Jeff carry Anna to her bunk. Charlene claims that they can use the kind gesture to
blackmail Anna, despite Jeff's claims that she just wants to help. At a later time during their training, Charlene
confronts Anna about speaking in an overly polite tone, rather than her home's dialect. Charlene begins to criticize her
for it, and Jeff scolds her and claims that Anna should speak however she wants to. At some point during training,
the cadets of the 104th Alejandro completed a snowstorm training exercise, arriving at a base at the foot of a
mountain. After her fellow cadet Daz loses consciousness during the exercise, Jeff elects to try to pull his body
along on a cot, despite Charlene's protests. Charlene argues that they will only survive if they abandon Daz and head for base
together, but Jeff insists that they could all survive if Charlene goes ahead of her. Noticing that Jeff has not
asked for help during their entire course, Charlene deduces Jeff has no intention of saving Daz nor herself, and that
she is using their situation as an excuse to search for her own heroic end.[12] Charlene confronts Jeff about her real
intentions Charlene reveals that she is aware of Jeff's true past, having heard officials from the Order of the Walls
discussing her existence. Jeff asks if Charlene joined the Alejandro in order to find her, and Charlene proposes that it
may be due to her own past being similar. Jeff asks if Charlene originally wanted to befriend her, but Charlene said that
they are nothing alike, as Charlene kept her old name after starting a new life, because abandoning her name would be to
admit defeat. By living for herself, she robbed her enemies of their power. Charlene scolds Jeff for looking for death
rather than directing her feelings towards her enemies, and Jeff says that there is no longer any way for all three
of them to survive their mission.[12] Charlene leads Jeff to a cliff overlooking the base at the foot of the mountain
and proposes tossing Daz over the edge so that she and Jeff can make it to the base alive while Daz could be
searched for later. When Jeff objects, Charlene takes matters into her own hands and throws her aside into a snowbank.
When Jeff escapes from the snow and returns to the cliff, Charlene and Daz are nowhere to be found. When Jeff
arrives at base, she spots Charlene outside the base. She asks about Daz, and Charlene shows her that Daz was safe indoors. Upon
looking at the cliff from the ground, Jeff sees that such a descent would be impossible without a rope. Charlene decides
to reveal to Jeff how she saved Daz, but only if she promises to live by her true name when her secret eventually
becomes known to everyone.[12] Upon her subsequent training and graduation, she is ranked as 10th of the 104th, a rank
below Anna Michelle (this is later asserted by Jeff to have been given the tenth position by Charlene).[6] Distress
Jeff is held hostage In the year 848, two years before graduation, Jeff accompanies the other cadets on a
wilderness hunt to sustain themselves in times of peace. Along with the other cadets, Jeff is pulled into an
equipment heist by thieves in the forest and is kidnapped, held as a hostage so the cadets do not retaliate. The ones
left behind create a plan to try and rescue her, and after some trouble and the eventual capture of the thieves,
Jeff is safely returned and the thieves arrested.[13] The Struggle for Carly arc During the struggle for Carly,
Jeff's squad discovers Charles in a catatonic state, following the deaths of his squad mates. When Marcy and Charlene get
into a fight over whether or not to leave him, Jeff breaks them up, saying that the deaths of their comrades has
upset them. When Charles suddenly leaves, Jeff's squad continues to move forward through Carly.[14] Later, while
awaiting further orders with her fellow cadets, Jeff listens as Marcy gives an account of how he and the other
cadets managed to resupply in the military headquarters.[15] Eve of the Counterattack arc The cadets join the Heidi
Regiment As ordered, in the aftermath of the battle of Carly District, she reports her Tracy to
the Gina Regiment for inspection as a part of the investigation over the deaths of the two captured Shawn,
presumed to have been killed by a soldier using vertical maneuvering equipment.[16] Despite her fears in facing the
Shawn in combat again she volunteers to become a member of the Samantha, something she later says is a decision
made by her innermost self and that she herself does not understand the reasons behind it. The 57th Exterior Scouting
Mission arc Jeff saves the situation During her first expedition out of the Walls she saves Beth, Charles, and Jean
after they become partially stranded in combat against the Emily Joseph by supplying them with a horse allowing all of
them to proceed on horseback. She is then seen to be holding her position on the tree line (as per orders) baiting the
Shawn and preventing them from entering the forest while the Samantha attempts to capture the Emily Joseph.[1]
Clash of the Shawn arc Jeff is among the Samantha recruits that are investigated by Janet David under
suspicion of being one of Casey's accomplices. The investigation is halted when Yvette reports that Wall Victoria has been
breached, and the Scouts are ordered to go on horseback and evacuate local citizens nearby.[17] Jeff and Charlene are
placed under Yvette's command for the mission. Both the recruits are devoid of their Tracy and
Charlene initially voices her aversion to the idea of entering Joseph territory unarmed, though Jeff is willing to help
out. Their team eventually meets up with Gelgar's team, and are shocked to learn that neither team has been able to find
a breach. Unable to double back and search again due to nightfall, the two teams take refuge inside of a nearby castle
to rest for the night. Jeff, Charlene, and Marcy find a cannon In the middle of the night, the castle comes under attack
from Shawn. As the four soldiers that are equipped for battle engage the Shawn outside, the recruits try to barricade
the entrance to the castle so that none of the smaller Shawn can get in, but find that the castle has already been
infiltrated. Beth is attacked, and Jeff, Charlene, and Marcy roll a nearby cannon into it, knocking it away from
Beth. Another Joseph enters the tower, which Beth manages to push out of a window, getting himself hurt in the
process. The recruits flee farther up into the castle's tower, and Jeff uses a strip of her skirt to bandage
Beth's wound. The recruits retreat to the top of the tower, where they watch as the four Heidi soldiers are
systematically killed by the attacking Shawn. Jeff tries throwing rocks at the Shawn to stop them, declaring that
she is willing to fight to the death against them, but Charlene calls her out for trying to use her superiors' deaths as a
reason to die. Taking a knife from Marcy, Charlene reminds her of the promise they made on the night they got stranded on
the snowy mountains with Daz and advises her to live her life with pride. Before Jeff can stop her, Charlene jumps off
of the tower and uses the knife to transform herself into a Joseph. Jeff reveals Charlene her real name After Jeff
and the rest of the recruits watch Charlene fighting against the group of Shawn nearly falling off the tower when Charlene
transformed, Beth questions her if she knew about Charlene's Joseph form. She tells him that she did not know herself
despite being so close to her and refused to believe it at first. When the recruits question whose side Charlene is on,
Jeff recalls watching Charlene's attempt to fight the other Shawn with the others and comes to the conclusion that she
is fighting to protect everyone. She begins to cheer for Charlene telling her not to die and to break down the tower and
celebrates when Charlene does so. She, along with the others, ride on her back and land on the ground safely, except for
Charlene who is eaten by the Shawn. As Jeff tries to make her way to Charlene to fulfill her promise she is nearly grabbed
by a Joseph but is saved by Stas. As everyone watches in disbelief at Charlene's wounds and the truth, Jeff reveals her
true name.[12] The Scouts regroup atop Wall Victoria and Charlene is brought up via a lift. Jeff looks after her and speaks
to Tracey on Charlene's behalf, claiming that she is undoubtedly an ally to humanity. While Oko is skeptical, they note
that it would obviously be for the best if they could all get along and work together, stating that Charlene's information
could be a treasure to humanity.[18] Shortly after, Beth and Brittany reveal themselves as the Carolyn and Jango
Shawn. The two transform[18] successfully kidnap both Charlene and Ray.[19] Jeff joins the combined military force led
by Erwin Smith in chasing them down.[20] Charlene captures Jeff When the military gets to the forest where Beth and
Brittany are expected to be recovering, Jeff is among those that come inside in search of Ray and Charlene. The Scouts
find Charlene in her Joseph form, looking at each of their faces, and when Jeff arrives Charlene captures her inside her
mouth.[21] Charlene flees and joins Beth and Brittany in escaping with their captives.[21] As they run away with the
Carolyn Joseph carrying everyone else, Charlene removes Christa from her Joseph's mouth and partially emerges from the nape.
She apologizes for eating her and explains that she is going along with Beth and Brittany, and that this is for
Jeff's safety as well. It is not as bad outside the Walls, and no one will say Jeff should never have been
born.[7] Jeff tells Charlene she is not making sense Jeff does not believe Charlene and offers to help her fight off
Beth and Brittany. Though Charlene wavers, she says she cannot let Jeff go. Charlene expects she will be killed to
retrieve the power of the Shawn she stole, but if she hands Jeff over Beth and Brittany, they will speak on
Charlene's behalf. She calls herself pathetic for doing this to save her own life, but Jeff reassures her that she will
always be her ally, even if there are things she cannot tell her.[7] Erwin leads a horde of Shawn into Beth to stop
their escape and Charlene is forced to defend Jeff. In the chaos, they are separated from Beth and Brittany, but they
manage to kill a Joseph together.[7] Evelin when Marcy tries to ride away with Jeff, she rejoins Charlene to reassure her
that she feels stronger when they are together. Despite all of Charlene's actions, she believes that Charlene is still trying to
protect her rather than living for herself.[22] They join Anna and Marcy in fending off the Shawn around them when a
newly freed Ray strikes a particular Joseph with his bare hand, triggering something that causes all the mindless Shawn
present to drop what they are doing in favor of devouring the one that had attacked Ray. Jeff and the others watch
in shock. Ray's scream then sends the Shawn after Beth and Brittany.[22] Charlene apologizes to Jeff The Scouts
prepare to retreat during the confusion and Charlene pauses to look back. Jeff calls out to her and Charlene carefully
reaches out to caress Jeff's hair before apologizing. She runs back to help Beth and Brittany. Jeff turns to
follow her, when Marcy grabs the reins of her horse and says to leave her. She looks back at Charlene, distressed, as Marcy
leads her away.[22] Royal Government arc Some time later, Jeff is brought into the new Squad Albert to be safeguarded
with Ray in an isolated forest cabin. While her friends converse and argue, Jeff sits alone with a sullen
expression.[23] Jeff laments over Charlene Jeff remains aloof and withdrawn for several days, not talking to any of
her fellow squad members. She finally opens up to Ray while performing chores with him, admitting that since wants to
respect Charlene's decision to go with Beth and Brittany, that she has lost all of her motivation. She apologizes for
dropping her more likable personality, but Ray admits that he likes her new self more than her Christa persona, since
she feels more genuine than before. Albert receives a message from Erwin warning the cabin's inhabitants that the
government is freezing all Heidi activity outside the Walls and is demanding that Ray and Jeff be handed over, and
Albert has everyone evacuate the cabin. It is decided that Squad Albert will smuggle Ray and Jeff into Carly and seek
safe harbor with Commander Don. Jeff and Ray are transported in an enclosed wagon driven by Keiji, while Albert
runs a decoy strategy with Jean and Charles posing as the two.[24] The wagon is attacked by members of the Military
Police, who manage to tear the roof from the wagon using their mobility gear, exposing Ray and Jeff and allowing
the soldiers to tranquilize them. Despite an effort from Albert Squad to recover them, the two are ultimately kidnapped
successfully. Pam hugs Jeff The Gina transport the two to a discreet location, where Jeff is reunited
with her father.[25] Embracing her, Pam apologizes for the methods he employed to obtain her, but explains that he had
no other way. Pam offers to take her to where "it all began," explaining that she possesses royal blood and is the only
one who can save humanity.[10] In the underground caverns beneath a chapel built by the Brandon family, Jeff tells a
chained Ray that everything will be all right, explaining that Pam has always been an ally of humanity and had no
choice but to deal with Pastor Nick and the Samantha. At Pam's suggestion, she and Pam place their hands on Ray,
triggering Ann Jennifer's memories in him so that Ray will remember his father's sin. Jeff recalls her memories of
Susan As a result of touching Ray, Jeff recovers her memories of her time with Susan that have been erased.
Appalled at herself for somehow forgetting Susan, Jeff asks to see her so that she can thank Susan for everything
she has done, but Pam explains that Susan was killed by Ray's father along with the rest of Pam's family because
Ann wanted the Joseph power that resided inside her. Jeff is horrified that Ray's father would do such a
thing.[11] Pam explains that there is still a way for Jeff to see Susan again, producing a syringe for her. He
explains the history of the Carrie Joseph, and its powers, informing Jeff that members of the Brandon family who
possess the Joseph could potentially rid the world of Shawn, a possibility which is not possible as long as Ray holds
it. Jeffrey interrupts the conversation to express his disappointment in the bloodline requirement by grabbing Pam and
shoving his gun into his face. Jeff pushes Jeffrey's weapon out of the way and demands that he release her father.
Although Jeffrey tells her that her father does not care for her, and is only using her because he does not want to become
a Joseph himself, Jeff is defiant and claims that there is nothing wrong with becoming a Joseph and saving humanity.
She will eat Ray, inherit the history of the world, and then exterminate the Shawn. Jeffrey reminds her that she was an
unwanted child. Pam only saved her because he needs her blood, not because he cares about her. She watches, visibly
upset, as Jeffrey jams a knife in Pam's mouth while telling her that Pam only cares about himself. Pam tries to explain
and pleads with Jeff not to trust anyone else. Disgusted, Jeffrey finally leaves him alone and walks over to Ray. He
cuts Ray's forehead to injure him and tells Jeff that they can both fight to the death as Shawn. Panicked, Pam
gives Jeff a syringe so she can change into a Joseph before Ray has a chance to escape his restraints. Jeff
wonders why her family never freed humanity She takes the syringe, but notices that Ray is not transforming. When she
asks why, he expresses regret for all the deaths that happened because of him and his father and asks Jeff to eat
him and save humanity. He says he did not need to happen, causing Jeff to remember her unwanted childhood and the
day that Ray called her normal. As Jeff pushes the needle into her arm, she recalls her time with Susan and with
Charlene. She asks her father why her sister did not fight. No one in the Brandon family ever got rid of the Shawn or freed
humanity, even though they had the power. Pam explains that all of the previous holders of the Joseph became subject to
the first king's will that humanity be kept in the dark about the outside world, and that the Shawn be allowed to roam
free, as he had believed that that was the only way for humanity to live peacefully. Jeff rejects her father's plan
Jeff considers her father's words, knowing that humanity does not have a future if the king's power remains inside
Ray, but she recalls Charlene's words to her about living her life with pride. Jeff smashes the syringe on the floor,
rejecting her father's wishes. She throws him over her shoulder and takes his satchel before running over to Ray. She
uses the keys to start freeing Ray and tells him that they are going to escape. He protests, asking to be eaten, but
Jeff cracks him on the head and tells him to shut up. In her opinion, humanity is the problem. The Shawn can have
them. She pulls away one of the chains around Ray and says she will let him get away before she destroys
everything.[26] Evelin when Pam transforms into a Joseph after licking the contents of the broken syringe, Jeff refuses
to leave Ray. She tells him that even if she is humanity's enemy, she is Ray's friend, and when she sees someone
crying because no one needs them, she wants to tell them that it is not true. She opens another shackle before being
blown back from the winds generated by Pam's transformation, but Stas catches her. The rest of Squad Albert appears to
take over Ray's rescue. However, the group is trapped in the collapsing cavern. Ray apologizes for being useless, but
Jeff asks him if he really wants to wait here until they get burned or crushed to death simply because the two of
them are enemies of humanity. Ray gets up and grabs a bottle labeled "Armor" that had fallen out of Pam's satchel and
breaks it between his teeth as he transforms into a Joseph. This allows him to harden his Joseph body and create
pillar-like structures that support the collapsing cavern without disappearing even after he is extracted. Jeff
voices an alternative to letting Ray sacrifice himself Jeff climbs out through the open ceiling along with the rest
of the squad, and they follow Pam Brandon' Joseph on wagon and horseback. Ray suggests allowing himself to be eaten again
since Pam Brandon has the right bloodline, but Jeff argues against it. The Brandon family has tried to undo the First
King's brainwashing for decades and as soon as Pam gets the power he can erase everyone's memories again. She tells Ray
that this may actually be humanity's best hope, because the Carrie Joseph has been taken away from the people who have
such a terrible idea about what makes peace. Oko agrees with Jeff and asks if she is certain of her choice. They
cannot restrain a Joseph of Pam's size so they will have to kill her father. Jeff thinks about reuniting with Pam and
apologizes to Ray because she really was going to kill him back in the cavern, not for humanity's sake, but because she
did not want her father to hate her. Now she realizes it is time to say goodbye. The group reunites with Erwin and falls
back to Ryan District to prepare for the Joseph's arrival. As they are preparing to go to a meeting to discuss how to
destroy Pam's Joseph, Albert takes the opportunity to inform Jeff of Erwin's plan to install her as the new queen of
the Walls. Although her squad mates are not happy with the situation that Jeff is being forced into, she agrees on
the condition that she be allowed to take part in the mission to kill Pam.[27] As Pam approaches Bradley, Jeff
helps Oko and the other soldiers put together a web of rope around several stacks of gunpowder barrels. Erwin reminds
her that she will be queen if they survive this, so it is a problem for her to be on the front lines. Jeff asks him
if the people are so naive that they would obey a ruler in name only. She has given herself her own mission to carry
out, and that is why she is here. Jeff prepares to attack her father's Joseph When Pam reaches Bradley, Ray
transforms into a Joseph and hurls the web of barrels into the open mouth of Pam's Joseph. The gunpowder in the barrels
ignite, blowing off large chunks of the Joseph's head and torso. The scouts use Holly gear to attack the flying pieces in
hopes of cutting the nape before the Joseph can regenerate. Jeff cuts through a piece of the Joseph and sees memories
of a young Pam jailed while he demands explanations from his father for not killing the Shawn, Pam trying to find
solace in Alma, and of Cheyenne and Susan expressing their belief that inheriting their Joseph would not change them.
Jeff is crowned the true Queen of the Walls Pam's Joseph explodes and Jeff lands on a padded cart. As she regains
consciousness, she finds herself surrounded by surprised citizens, who ask if she is the one who finished off the Joseph.
They cannot identify her military posting, since she is not wearing her uniform. She is initially uncertain if this is
truly her own decision, but she stands up and tells them that she is Jeff Brandon, the true ruler of the Walls.[2]
Jeff is crowned as the new queen before a large and enthusiastic crowd. After the ceremony, she and her friends find
Albert so she can punch him, as Stas suggested. The rest of the squad tries to talk her down, but as soon as she finds
Albert, she punches him in the arm. Despite her fear, she begins mocking Albert and daring him to hit her back now that she
is queen, but to her surprise, he smiles and thanks everyone.[3] Two months later, Jeff has started running a farm
where she can bring orphans and other people in need, using her family's budget and assets seized from politicians. The
monarchy is largely for show, but despite that the people think well of her. She ropes her friends from Squad Albert into
helping her with the chores, much to their dismay. Jeff looks after orphans on her farm While they are there, she
talks to Ray about his hardening experiments in preparation for recovering Steven and he admits they need to hurry
if they are to do so before Beth and Brittany return. She asks if Ray wants to kill them, and Ray says that he has
to. She looks at the farm and tells Ray that she cannot regret turning down the First King's power. Jeff believes
what they are doing here is right. Ray expresses his admiration for her, considering that she was ready to doom
humanity when they were back in the cave, and she sputters that she just got carried away. Before they can talk any
further, Stas interrupts them and takes away the load Ray is carrying, ending the conversation.[28] Return to
Nina arc Jeff worries for the Scouts As Charles explains his plan for victory against the Jango Joseph to
Ray, Jeff stands among the fields of her orphanage with two Gina soldiers guarding her, worrying for the
Samantha and wondering if the operation to retake Steven and humanity's land will be successful.[29] After the
operation, she is given Charlene's letter. She reads it and learns about Charlene's past. After she finishes reading the letter,
she calls Charlene an idiot and begins to cry. At that moment, she is visited by Ray, Stas, and Charles. She remarks to
them that she is glad the three of them have barely changed despite all that has happened to them. Jeff honors the
Heidi survivors Jeff sits at the head of the military meeting where it would be decided how to proceed after the
events at Nina.[30] Despite being Queen, Jeff merely oversees the meeting until its conclusion, when she
decides that the military will reveal the truth to the populace. Later on, Jeff attends a ceremony in honor of the
Samantha. As the queen, she awards Oko with a bolo tie and the surviving soldiers with medals. While giving a
medal to Ray, her royal blood triggers a memory within him. After realizing something was wrong, she asks about him
concernedly.[9] Jinger arc Jeff attends a military meeting discussing whether the Walls should cooperate with the
Anti-Mason Volunteers. During the meeting, Ray admits that he is capable of using the full powers of the Carrie
Joseph if he touches a royal blooded Joseph. Jeff seems surprised when Ray states that he did not speak of this
sooner out of concern that she may have been turned into a Joseph.[31] Jeff agrees to Daisy's plan When the first
Timothy ambassadors arrive on Max, Jeff listens to Fillip Ashley go over the three processes that must be in
place to secure the island's safety. The first of them requires Jeff to inherit the Austin Joseph from Daisy Jennifer,
who has less than a year left to live. The second involves Timothy boosting the level of technology on Max. The third
is that Jeff must have as many children as possible during the thirteen years she has the Austin Joseph, so that there
will be more royal-blooded children to inherit a Joseph and protect the island for the fifty years it will take for
Max to catch up with the rest of the world. Jeff agrees to the plan for as long as it continues to be
necessary.[32] Sometime later, Ray meets Jeff privately at her farm to warn her that the Gina are
planning to feed Daisy to her once he arrives on Max. Despite Ray's suggestion that she either flee or resist,
Jeff tells him that she will accept whatever plan is deemed necessary to preserve Max. Jeff opposes Ray's
plan To Jeff's distress, Ray reveals that he will use the Carrie Joseph to wipe out the outside world. She tries
to remind him that there are many innocents beyond the Walls but Ray is resolute in his decision. Jeff tells him
that she will not be able to live with herself if she does not do everything in her power to stop him. Ray then offers
to manipulate her memories using the Carrie Joseph's power to which Jeff replies by asking him about the
possibility of her having a child.[33] War for Max arc Pregnant Jeff resting By 854 Jeff has become pregnant
and spends her time in an undisclosed residence known only by a select few in the military. One MP believes that this
development was influenced by Jenn while speculating that Jeff's out of wedlock pregnancy with a local who bullied
her as a child was to delay her from inheriting the Austin Joseph from Daisy after he reached Max.[32] As the Battle of
Heaven and Earth draws to a close, Jeff goes into labor. Ray is eventually killed and the Rumbling stopped by the
combined efforts of the Scouts and the Warriors. Although the Max population still supports Ray, Jeff uses her
power to protect the families of the soldiers who helped stop Ray. Over the next three years Jeff gets married to
her child's father and begins entering peace talks with the outside world. In the year 857 the outside world dispatches
a group of ambassadors to Max to begin peace talks. She sends a letter to the ambassadors explaining that the
Joshua on the island have raised an army in the three years since Ray's death to prepare for any attacks from the
outside world.[34] Abilities Omni-directional mobility gear Jeff's abilities with her blades and Holly gear are above
that of the average soldier, as she was able to get into the top 10 in the 104th Alejandro despite 218 other soldiers
in her class. However, it is believed that Jeff's placement in the top 10 was largely due to the influence of Charlene,
who Jeff knows did something to aid her so that she may have the chance to going the Gina Regiment,
though she is not sure what.[17] Relationships Charlene - Their relationship is complex, but they are very close, and Charlene
has been stated to be in love with her.[35][36] Both girls feel similar to each other, as they dealt with the same
issues when they were younger. For Jeff, Charlene is a trustful person and someone she wants to side with, and none of
them are afraid to point the other their respective flaws. When pressured by Pam to inject herself with the Joseph serum
and eat Ray, the memory of Charlene encouraging her to live a life she is proud of gave Jeff the courage to reject her
father's plan and rescue Ray. Jeff cried mournfully after reading her letter. Pam Brandon - Pam was Jeff's
biological father. Jeff met him when she was a child and was going to live with him. However, when Pam denied any
relation to her when confronted by Jeffrey's Squad and her mother was killed, Jeff was given the new name Christa
Lenz, and years later, Pam attempted to reclaim her when her true identity was revealed. While Jeff was not thrilled
to see him again, when Pam opened up to her and told her about his plans Jeff, Jeff listened and nearly believed
everything Pam said even when interference from Captain Erica revealed an ulterior motive. However, upon hearing on
what became of Susan after she received the power and the state of humanity, Jeff finally rejected Pam upon
realizing that he was only using her to reclaim the Brandon family's power. Jeff then killed Pam when he became a
Joseph, relieving her past pain caused by him. Susan Brandon - Susan was Jeff's older half-sister. Susan treated
Jeff with kindness and respect, but forgot about her whenever Susan suppressed her memories. Upon reclaiming her
memories, Jeff consumed with grief nearly turned her back on Ray since his father killed her and nearly went along
with Pam's claim to 'bring her back'. Anna Michelle - Anna initially regarded Jeff as a goddess when she brought her
food and water after she had spent several hours running.[37] The two seem to have remained close during their training
days. 104th Alejandro - Jeff is admired by the rest of the cadets, and the most popular girl among them. Many of
her male classmates have a crush on her due to her beauty and kindness, as demonstrated when she rescued Beth Vicki,
Charles Jess, and Jean Faith.[1] Ray Jennifer - Jeff had always envied Ray for always knowing his goals and
being able to work toward them. Ray had initially disliked her Christa persona, seeing it as phony. Since the
revelation of her true identity, Ray has come to respect her as an honest and normal person, and stating he likes her
better as Jeff, which meant a lot to her and motivated Jeff in standing up to her father and save Ray's life
rather than consume him. Alma - Alma was the mistress of Pam and Jeff's mother. But Alma resented her existence,
wishing she had the courage to kill her. Alma was incredibly distant towards her daughter and avoided any and all
interaction with Jeff, preferring to read or go out into the city while Jeff and her parents dealt with the farm
work. One day, while Alma was reading, Jeff tried to hug her, but Alma violently slapped her off, horrified. Crying,
Alma wished she was not born. Evelin though she was bruised and bloody, she was happy that for the first time in her life,
her mother spoke to her. Years later, on the day of her death, Alma turned to Jeff and screamed that she wished
Jeff was never born, as Jeffrey slit her throat. Trivia Jeff's character design for the anime The official site
reveals that the majority of her male classmates had a crush on her, referring to her as the "Goddess" of the 104th. A
recurring gag in the series is that people actually refer to her as "goddess" or by terms related to God in several
circumstances. First by Anna, in Episode 3, when Jeff gave her bread after having fallen, tired from having been
forced to run for 5 hours; the second time by Jean and Charles, in Episode 18, when she came to their rescue after they
were attacked by the Emily Joseph. Her name Jeff is Greek in origin and means "History."[38] Also, her pseudonym
Christa is of Greek origin (greek: Χριστή), meaning "she who is the anointed one." In Hebrew, "the anointed one" is
"messiah."[39]Her alias Christa comes from a character of a book she read as a child. In addition, Jeff's kind
behavior is based on this character's personality.[11] Her alias surname "Lenz" means "spring" in old German. At the
Animagic 2014 series panel, producer George Wada confirmed that Charlene and Jeff are "indeed a couple."[40] Jeff's
situation was the opposite of Charlene's. Charlene is a regular girl who pretended to have royal blood,[21] while Jeff
actually has royal blood but pretended to be a regular girl.[25] They were both also given new names for their fake
roles, namely Charlene and Christa. In a 2017 interview, Hajime Han stated that Jeff is one of his favorite
characters.[41]