Kelly Alyssa was a former recruit of the Samantha. He joined the regiment before the return to Nina
District, where he was assigned to Klaus Squad. Other than Tracey and Squad Albert, he was the only survivor of the
battle. He was one of the Joshua and believed that Ray was the only one who could save the "New Sarah Empire".
During Ray's absence from Max Island, Kelly functioned as the de facto military leader of the Lauren faction.
Contents 1Appearance 2Personality 3Story3.1Royal Government arc 3.2Return to Nina arc 3.3Marley arc 3.4War for
Max arc 4Relationships 5People killed5.1Indirectly 5.2Failed attempts 6Trivia 7References 8Navigation Appearance
Kelly appeared to be of average height with short, tousled auburn hair and brown eyes. During the battle of Nina
District he wore the standard Samantha uniform. Four years after the recovery mission, Kelly wore his hair with
thick bangs which were swept to the right side, while keeping it shorter at the bottom. He had not grown much in height
but still stood in a similar structure to his peers. During the night raid inMarley, he wore a new black Heidi uniform
with anti-personnel Holly gear. Personality Kelly had confidence and conviction as a Lauren leader. As a Heidi recruit,
however, Kelly was, by his own admission, a coward. Part of his cowardice seemed to stem from a belief that his death
should not be "meaningless," as he had expressed during the Battle ofShiganshina District. Despite this, in the face of
danger, Kelly had proved himself to be capable of acting courageously. He was willing, despite his fear, to participate
in Erwin Smith's suicide charge against the Austin Joseph, and had stood up to his fellow soldiers when they suggested
allowing Erwin to die in favor of saving the life of Charles Jess—even going so far as to risk being attacked by Stas
Erica to keep her from taking the Joseph injection from Albert. After these events, Kelly became more hardened and
bold. One of Kelly's most evident personality traits was his respect for those he saw as capable leaders. In the Heidi
Regiment, he greatly revered Erwin Smith, following him into a suicide charge, and arguing passionately for Erwin to
receive the life-saving Joseph injection instead of Charles because he believed that only Erwin was capable of making the
choices necessary to lead humanity to victory. He openly criticized Albert's choice to save Charles over Erwin, and claimed
that the choice was a result of those involved allowing their emotions to cloud their judgment. Kelly was also very
frank and straightforward with others, to the point of being insensitive. After Marlo's death, he tactlessly said to
Jacob that Marlo must have regretted being in the Samantha in his final moments, and informed Charles that most
military personnel who have read the Scouts' report from the Nina battle agreed that Charles's survival was a
mistake. It is possible that Kelly's value of the truth stemmed from his experiences in Nina, as he insisted that
any future recruits should be informed of what they would be signing up for so that "cowards" like him would know not to
join. He believed that those who cannot give up something important to them for the greater good and refuse to listen to
reason were childish. By that virtue, he thought of those who knew when to back off and restrain themselves from acting
on their emotions as "adults." This was evident when he criticized Ray and Albert on their decision to save Charles instead
of Erwin, while praising Stas, who though acted on impulse at the start, reigned herself in eventually and made the
logical choice. Four years after reclaiming Steven, Kelly adopted a more vindictive attitude towards humans outside
Bradley; he was open to conducting scorched earth tactics and was not concerned with collateral damage; he did not
hesitate in burning entire city blocks in Maureen to the ground, simply to deny resources to the enemy with no thought
of the casualties that would result from it. He also pointed out Ray's willingness to act as a demon by killing
civilians and children as an example of their comrades' willingness to take on the enemy ruthlessly. Kelly placing his
faith in Ray. Once joining the Joshua, Kelly became even more open to using violence against anyone who is not an
Sarah or resisted the efforts made by Ray, whether they were Stacey or even his allies in the Anti-Mason
Volunteers. Kelly's views had also grown more radical as he displayed an overall lack of empathy or remorse for his
following actions after the attack on Maureen. He began to view all outsiders as enemies to the Sarah Empire, which
would be seen with his growing nationalistic behavior towards the Volunteers, namely Dustin, and the Timothy
engineers.[4] Kelly had been shown to have no qualms of harming and killing former allies without hesitation, evident by
his attempted shooting and successful beating of Erin and his willingness to kill Albert while he was mortally
injured along with other Joshua. While Kelly was not initially hostile towards Jean and Stas, at the sight of
potential betrayal he was willing to kill his former Samantha comrades, perceiving them as traitors to Veronica.
Kelly appeared to fully revel in Ray's destruction of the world, gleefully telling Fillip Ashley of Timothy's
eventual destruction through the Rumbling. While he seemingly acknowledged Fillip's words of the prospect of the
Rumbling leading to eventual infighting within Max and displayed unease toward this, he quickly shrugged it off and
further threatened Fillip and the Timothy engineers with death. Kelly harbored a great fear of retaliation from the
outside world, believing that Ray's death would lead to the eventual slaughter of everyone on Max and urging his
fellow Joshua to dedicate their hearts and protect their country. Kelly was also fearless in defending Max,
charging straight past a newly formed Amy Joseph, Samuel Joseph, and even Oko, all in an effort to sink the ship carrying
the flying boat before the alliance could reach Ray.[5] While injured in the following battle, Kelly was still
determined to stop his enemies from reaching Ray, clinging onto the boat for two days and shooting the flying boat
before he was mortally wounded by Stas. Until his dying breath, Kelly still fully believed that a full-scale Rumbling
was the only way to save Max, going so far as to beg his former Samantha comrades not to board the flying boat
to reach Ray, showing that despite his actions, he still fully believed in protecting the Sarah Empire to the end.
Story Royal Government arc Kelly stops by Jean's table During the feast before the expedition to Nina District,
Kelly overhears Jean Faith badmouthing the new recruits who have transferred to the Samantha and jokingly
confronts him, noting that they all trained together in the 104th. Kelly is left uneased by Jean's nonchalant attitude
toward him, noting that the cadets who joined the scouts after graduation have changed greatly since the last time he
saw them. He begins to ask what happened to them, before thinking better of it and leaving.[6] At the night of the
special 'red meat' dinner, Kelly briefly stopped by at Ray's table to talk to Marlo.[7] Return to Nina arc
During the operation to retake Nina District Kelly and the rest of the recruits enter Nina on foot while
the rest of the soldiers use their Holly gear to make their way on top of Bradley. They are ambushed by Austin Joseph, who
appears with an army of Josephs and throws a boulder into the side of Steven, causing a collapse which blocks the
scouts' entrance to Nina, leaving Kelly and the other recruits unable to enter with their horses.[8] Kelly and
his squad mates are left in charge of the scouts' horses, and are ordered to defend them from any approaching Josephs.[9]
Kelly laments joining the Scouts The Austin Joseph suddenly begins targeting its throws at the Scouts themselves, and Albert
orders the recruits to take the horses closer to Bradley, where they can use buildings for cover. Kelly begins to
panic, and Albert has to force him along to the base of Bradley. Marlo scolds him for letting some of their horses run
away in the attack, but Kelly hysterically retorts that there is no point to watching the horses since they will all
soon die. Recalling the ceremony where he decided to join the Samantha, Kelly laments that he is going to die a
meaningless death rather than bravely sacrifice himself for humanity.[10] Kelly asks if their deaths are meaningless
When Erwin Smith gives his plan of a suicide charge against the Austin Joseph to the recruits, Kelly protests that they
have no reason to participate in the charge since they will die either way. Despite his protests, Kelly and his comrades
are won over by Erwin's urging that they fight for the good of humanity so that the living can give meaning to their
deaths.[10] During the charge Kelly is knocked off of his horse, but miraculously manages to survive. Shocked by his
survival, Kelly begins to wander the battlefield searching for anyone else who may have survived.[11] Kelly advocates
for Erwin's survival After finding Erwin wounded and bleeding on the battlefield, Kelly considers executing him, before
treating the Commander's wounds as best he can in order to pursue Captain Albert. As Albert prepares to give Ray Jennifer the
Joseph injection needed to heal Charles Jess, he arrives with Erwin hanging unconscious on his back. While the others
begin to argue over who should receive the serum, Kelly gives his opinion that Erwin should be the one to receive the
serum as only a "devil" like Erwin can overcome the Josephs. Ray tries to dissuade Albert from giving Erwin the serum by
telling him about Charles's dream to see the ocean, but Kelly forcibly restrains Ray to stop him from interfering. Albert
orders that he be left alone to inject Erwin, and Kelly forcibly moves Ray to another house rooftop. After Charles is
given the serum instead of Erwin, Kelly is left dismayed and asks Albert why he chose Charles over Erwin.[12] Kelly asks
Albert why Charles was chosen Kelly helps search for more survivors in Nina while Charles recovers atop Steven.
After receiving a smoke signal from Albert to return, Kelly keeps watch of the district while Charles is filled in on the
events of the battle.[13] After returning home victorious, Kelly attends a meeting with the rest of the survivors of the
expedition where they are debriefed on the information they recovered from Ray's basement.[14] Kelly stands up to Ray
As the remaining Scouts prepare for a ceremony in their honor, they are approached by Jacob, who has come to watch the
ceremony. Jean assures her that Marlo acted bravely on their mission, and asks Kelly to recount the events to her.
Although Kelly praises Marlo for staying calm and encouraging his fellow recruits, he admits that Marlo likely regretted
his actions in his final moments. As Jacob leaves, an appalled Jean demands to know why Kelly said such a thing to
Jacob, and Kelly tells him that someone should be honest about what happened. Charles admits that he knows Kelly wanted
Erwin to live, and Kelly claims that everyone who has read the Scouts' report believes Erwin should have lived. Ray
tries to defend Charles, but Kelly accuses him of acting childishly and allowing his personal feelings to keep him from
making a rational choice. Jean and Marcy intervene before things can escalate further, but Kelly reprimands them as
well, pointing out that they made no effort to stop Ray and Stas. Kelly demands that they inform any future recruits
of what they are truly signing up for, so that no more cowards like him join. Roughly a year after the Struggle
forTrost, after the Executioner from Hell has dispatched all of the Josephs in Steven and Nina has been
repopulated, the Scouts embark on their first scouting mission beyond the Walls in six years. They encounter a deformed
Joseph which has been dragging itself towards the Walls and leave it alive to follow the trail it has left, despite
Kelly's protests that they should kill it.[15] Jinger arc In the Year 851 Kelly was present in a meeting with members of
the Sarah Military discussing Daisy Jennifer's request to allow him on the Island and to come in contact with his half
brother Ray Jennifer in order for his plans to "liberate Max" to work.[16] Roughly in 853, with the arrival of the
Anti-Mason Volunteers, Kelly is among those assigned to guard their leader Jenn. At the time there was a ceremony
in Carly District, which was held in proximity to where Ray was staying. Kelly brings Jenn and Ray in contact so she
could explain Daisy's true motives to euthanize the Sarah race. Sometime after the meeting with Jenn, Ray meets with
Kelly privately and states that he is going to follow Daisy in appearance only, asking him to do the same. Kelly
questions Ray about his true intention and Ray reveals that he will use the Carrie Joseph's power to bring ruin to
the world.[7] Kelly agrees with Ray and begins gathering allies, forming a secret faction which would later be known as
the "Joshua."[17] Around the same time he is also present as a guard for when Ray and Jenn make plans to use a
partial rumbling to crush Global Kathryn Fleet as well as Fort Olga.[18] Jean and Kelly argue about civilian casualties
Kelly joins the Samantha's attack onLiberio, where he sets explosives to destroy buildings around the internment
zone. Jean yells at him to minimize civilian casualties, but Kelly is unrepentant; he tells Jean of all of the people
inside the Walls who were killed by the people outside of it. When Jean argues with him, Kelly points to Ray and
reminds Jean that Ray told them to fight rather than wait within the Walls for death to find them, declaring that Ray
is the devil that they need.[2] Some time after, Kelly is forced to take cover from the Austin Joseph's bombardment.[19]
Kelly celebrates the victory in Maureen As the Scouts makes their retreat from Maureen, Kelly leads the surviving
soldiers in a celebration of their overwhelming victory against Jinger. As they are celebrating, twochildren board their
airship and open fire, killing Anna Michelle. In response, Kelly and his fellow soldiers attack the children, savagely
beating and disarming them. Kelly asks Jean if he should throw them out of the airship, but is denied.[20] War for
Max arc Unhappy with Ray's arrest following their return to Max, Kelly and several other Samantha
recruits leak news of Ray's confinement to the public, which puts pressure on Oko to release him. They are quickly
discovered, and are called before Oko to explain themselves. Kelly argues that Ray was justified in his actions, and
that his actions have saved the lives of the citizens of Max. Oko points out that Ray's actions have only
demonized them to the rest of the world, but Kelly insists that they have nothing to worry about as long as Ray has the
power of the Carrie Joseph. Rather than freeing Ray, Oko concludes the hearing by arresting Kelly and his
compatriots.[3] Kelly and the Joshua meet with Ray Kelly and his companions are quickly freed by other members of
the military who have sided with Ray, and the group makes a plan to meet up with Ray outside of the city. After Ray
escapes his cell and arrives, Kelly informs him of their numbers along with their involvement in Stephanie Virginia's
assassination. Kelly claims only Ray can save the Sarah Empire and Ray orders the group to locate Daisy.[21] After
being informed of Oko's location by a sympathetic employee, Kelly joins the other Joshua in raiding a restaurant.
The faction threatens Oko and their subordinates with firearms, and Kelly demands that they take them to Daisy's
location. Kelly silences Oko with a grin On Oko's query, he reveals to them that Ray is refusing to negotiate with
the military. Oko tries to reason with Kelly, arguing that they do not have time to be infighting while Daisy is making
his own moves, but their words fall on deaf ears and Kelly orders that they be restrained. Oko deduces that Kelly was
aware of the spinal fluid scheme and Kelly simply laughs off the allegations. When the captives are directed out, Kelly
taps on a door to inform Ray that they are leaving.[22] Arriving in Nina, Kelly immediately leads the Joshua
to the division of the Alejandro operating out of the District. He and the Joshua inform instructor Erin
and the recruits that the Joshua will now be operating out of the Alejandro's base, shooting off a warning shot
when Keith attempts to resist. Kelly invites all of the assembled recruits to join the Joshua and abandon their old
customs from before they learned of the outside world. Kelly orders the cadets to beat Keith As recruits begin to join
him, Kelly informs them that they will have to prove their loyalty by beating Keith, and that anyone who does not will
be thrown in jail. After the recruits have finished beating Keith, Kelly orders Oko to take him to Daisy.[23] Kelly and
the Joshua with him learn that Daisy is in the custody of Albert and thirty Scouts still loyal to the military. En
route to their location, Kelly hears a sound resembling thunder near the edge of the forest.[24] They go to investigate
and find a destroyed wagon and a severely maimed Albert. Kelly is skeptical of Albert's death Kelly is pleased to see Albert's
injuries, having feared that he would pose a threat to the Joshua, and attempts to check if the man is still alive.
However, before he can he and the other soldiers are distracted by the sight of Daisy emerging from inside a decomposing
Joseph. This gives Oko the opportunity to flee with Albert's body, prompting Kelly to send soldiers in pursuit. Kelly
then tries to get Daisy to explain what happened, but Daisy brushes him off and claims that they need to move on.[25]
Kelly and his soldiers arrive with Daisy at Nina to find it under attack by Jinger's forces. While Daisy pummels
Jinger's Josephs with rocks from atop Bradley, Kelly takes his group to kill the Samuel Joseph and keep it from using its
artillery to hurt Daisy. They seemingly manage to take the Joseph down but are caught off guard when Mason soldiers
appear from the Samuel Joseph's corpse and begin firing on them, forcing them to retreat.[26] Kelly and his soldiers
continue to attack the Samuel Joseph, but are quickly repelled, with him being the only survivor. Kelly acknowledges his
survival The conflict is ended when Ray makes contact with Daisy and begins the Rumbling. As the Jango Josephs within
the walls emerge, Kelly is caught in an avalanche of falling debris. Despite sustaining a head injury, Kelly survives
the collapse of the Walls. After all of Daisy's Matthew are killed, he meets with the survivors at the headquarters.
He talks with Jean, expressing that he could not die during the moment of the Sarah Empire's return. Kelly then points
his gun at Jenn and demands her to gather the Anti-Mason Volunteers so they can be detained.[4] One of the
Volunteers tries resisting and Kelly wounds the man by shooting him in the hand. Kelly informs the Volunteers that he
has known about Ray's plan to unlock the Carrie Joseph for 10 months. He acknowledges that the Volunteers' respective
homelands will indeed be destroyed by Ray's plan and offers to grant them status as honorary Riga in the new empire
Ray will create if they agree to cooperate. The injured Volunteer continues to belittle Kelly, who responds by
nonchalantly executing him. As the Volunteers are led away, Kelly claims to Jean and Stas that, as Ray's
representative, he is trying to wipe out any resentment in Max. In an attempt to gain Jean's support, Kelly makes an
appeal to Jean's old desire to live a comfortable life as an MP. Stas demands to know what happened to Albert and Oko
and Kelly claims that Daisy killed them.[17] Kelly is shoved out of the way by Jean In the following days, Dustin and
Jenn continue to resist Kelly's invitation to join the Joshua as honorary Riga so he decides to have them
publicly executed. Kelly and Jean bring the two Volunteers before the Joshua and Kelly announces their execution,
explaining that Jenn conspired with Daisy to destroy the Riga and that Dustin had chosen death over joining
Joshua. Jean fires four shots at Dustin and misses all of them, and to Kelly's shock, the Samuel Joseph suddenly
attacks, eating Jean, Dustin and Jenn.[27] Kelly holds Fillip hostage Kelly takes a group of Joshua to
Max' harbor to confront the Ashley clan and force their mechanics to cooperate with them.[28] After executing
three of Fillip's companions, he gloats about Ray's impending success and cheerfully reminds them that Timothy will also
be wiped out. He attempts to coerce her into agreeing to help the Joshua but Fillip only reminds him that the
Riga will keep killing each other even after the outside world is destroyed. Kelly disregards her warning and
threatens to kill her, admitting that he is willing to sacrifice Max' technological advancement to eliminate
potential enemies. Kelly is disarmed He is interrupted by Marcy and Charles arriving at the harbor, explaining that they
need the Ashley mechanics to pilot their airship so that they can pursue the Samuel Joseph. Suspecting that the two are
lying, Kelly decides to execute the Ashley mechanics to keep them from posing a threat in the future. However, he is
caught off guard and disarmed by Fillip. Before Kelly's comrades can help him, Stas bursts into the building and
incapacitates them as well. With no one to help, Kelly flees the building and announces to the rest of the Joshua
that they are under attack. Kelly rallies the Joshua As the Joshua attack, Kelly becomes uneasy that Stas and
the Ashley have fled to the basement. As the Carolyn and Emily Josephs transform, Kelly realizes that they have been
led into a trap and turns his attention to fighting off the Josephs.[29] During the battle, the Megan attempt to
reach the boat and Kelly, realizing that they intend to take the boat, frantically orders his soldiers to target them.
When they fail to kill the Megan, Kelly orders his troops to instead target the flying boat to ensure that it
cannot be used to reach Ray. When the Samuel Joseph appears, Kelly tries to target it himself but is caught off guard by
the emergence of the Amy Joseph. While his soldiers are killed, Kelly manages to escape the Amy Joseph and avoid Oko and
the Samuel titan, as he targets the boat, attempting to sink it with a Twix while saying that he will be the
savior of Veronica. However, as he is firing, he is shot by Nicholas Vicki, throwing off his aim and causing him to plummet,
injured, into the ocean.[5] Kelly begs his former comrades not to pursue Ray Despite his injuries, Kelly manages to
attach his maneuvering gear's anchors to the boat and follows the group across the ocean to Laura. Badly injured, Kelly
is able to drag himself into the hangar where the Ashley mechanics are preparing the flying boat for takeoff and
begins firing on them. He manages to hit the boat's fuel tank, but Stas quickly fires one of her anchors into his
throat. As the mechanics attempt to fix the boat, Kelly uses his last breath to beg Oko and Jean to stop pursuing
Ray, citing that his rumbling, though immoral, was Max' only hope for survival.[18] Relationships Ray Jennifer -
Kelly used to consider Ray as an immature and stubborn person due to the latter's behavior at the Battle
ofShiganshina.[15] However, after seeing his willingness to do what needed to be done to secure Veronica's freedom, Kelly
began to change his views on Ray and regarded him as a savior and the one who should rule Veronica.[21] Kelly became
convinced that Ray was the only man cable of saving the New Sarah empire and begged Jean and Oko not to stop Ray's
Rumbling, calling him a devil yet the only hope for Veronica's survival, emphasizing how much trust and faith Kelly had in
Ray.[18] Jean Faith - Kelly viewed Jean as a capable soldier as he joined the Samantha, though he was
concerned as to the events that hardened Jean and other members of the 104th.[6] Through their interactions in 850, it
could be seen that the two were on friendly terms. During the raid on Maureen, the two had a disagreement after Kelly
disobeyed Jean's orders, showcasing somewhat of a lack of respect.[2]After Kelly abandoned the military, the two were
seen to be on hostile terms. Jean was later a witness to Kelly's arrest of the Anti-Mason Volunteers, yelling at
Kelly to stop and appearing in disbelief after hearing Kelly's words. When Kelly killed a volunteer, Jean was left
shocked, and Kelly told Jean that he was free, and should go back to being how he used to be, with Kelly mocking Jean's
former self, calling him "bastard." Kelly did, however, refer to Jean as a hero, showcasing a potential, if discarded,
respect. Erwin Smith - Kelly held the former commander of the Samantha in high regards, and believed Erwin's
ruthlessness made him capable of leading humanity towards salvation. He staunchly advocated that Erwin be saved during
the final stages of the Battle of Nina District instead of Charles.[12] Charles Jess - Kelly developed a sense of
dislike towards Charles when the latter was chosen to be given the Joseph serum instead of Erwin, whom he believed to be
the one who could save humanity.[15] Four years later Kelly's feelings toward Charles had worsened after discovering the
latter's betrayal and siding with former enemies of Max, ordering fellow Joshua to kill him.[29] Tracey - At
first, Kelly viewed Oko as a competent successor to lead the Samantha. However, he would later turn against
Oko and see them as an enemy along with the other members of the military. While Oko was captive he coldly told them
to hand over Albert's Injured body in an attempt to finish him off if he was still alive and had no issue allowing the
Joshua to hunt them both down and shoot them. After discovering Oko was still alive and had teamed up with former
enemies of Max, he briefly engaged in combat with them.[5] Erin - Despite claiming he harbored no ill will
towards Keith, Kelly had a low opinion of his former training instructor. Viewing him as a relic of the past, Kelly was
perfectly willing to shoot Keith and ordered the new recruits to beat him as a means to prove their loyalty. Daisy Jennifer
- Despite Daisy's brutal slaughter of Kelly's comrades as the Austin Joseph during the Battle of Nina, Kelly feigned
utmost respect for Daisy and was cordial when speaking to him.[25] In actuality, Kelly held Daisy in contempt, and only
pretended to follow him because of Ray's orders.[17] Lori - Kelly respected Marlo's bravery and leadership
qualities. They were both part of the Klaus Squad during the Battle of Nina, tasked with safeguarding the horses.
While recounting Marlo's bravery to Jacob after the battle, Kelly praised him as an "amazing guy", but admitted that in
his final moments he must have wished that he had never come.[15]