Chad Michelle is the father of Anna Michelle and a hunter in the Monica village. It was his words that motivated Anna to
leave and join the military.[3] Contents 1Appearance 2Personality 3Story3.1The Fall of Nina arc 3.2Clash of the
Josephs arc 3.3Marley arc 3.4War for Max arc 4Relationships 5Trivia 6References 7Navigation Appearance[] Chad is a
large, but not overweight, man. He has shaggy brown hair, a thin goatee, and brown eyes. He is usually seen wearing a
stripped hat, a white t-shirt with a fur vest, and a loose tie. He also wears white pants, tall black boots, and carries
a pack of arrows on his back along with a small supplies bag on his right hip.[3] Personality[] Chad appears to be a
man of rules, and devoted to his clan. He is a mature father figure, storing food for the winter and attempting to pry
it out of his daughter Anna's hands when she begins to eat their supply. Though he appreciates his way of life, hunting
with the clan, he realizes that many people's homes were taken by Josephs and that they must share the forest for the
greater good. He appears to be very wise, willing to accept change and move beyond their traditions if it meant a better
way of life for everyone. Like his daughter, he has a native Monica accent.[3] Chad is a very selfless man, and is
constantly seen putting others before himself. He has no qualms about allowing refugees from Steven to hunt on his
land, despite the fact that it leaves less food for his family, as he recognizes the dire situation that they have been
forced into by losing their homes. Additionally, he and his wife decide to open their home up to orphaned children going
so far as to refer to them as his "family." Perhaps the greatest example of this selfless attitude, though, is his
decision to forgive Nicholas Vicki for murdering his daughter. Rather than blame her for shooting Anna, he chooses to
accept the blame himself for allowing Anna to leave Monica and join the military, and chooses to spare Nicholas's life so
that the cycle of violence that led to Anna's death might stop in some small way. Story[] The Fall of Nina arc[]
Anna's father explained the situation to Anna Chad is first seen arguing with Anna, telling her not to eat the meat
from the winter from the ground. After he fails, he explains to his daughter the reason why it is important to keep the
food: after the fall of Steven, many refugees have come to Wall Victoria's lands, which has resulted in a food shortage
due to the extra mouths to feed. In particular, refugees have begun hunting for food in Monica's territory, leaving less
game for the village's citizens than usual. Chad admits to having considered giving the forest to them so that they can
make fields, while the hunter's tribe starts taking care of horses, but Anna objects, arguing that they should not stop
living like they do just because of the newcomers, stating that the newcomers always looked down on their village and it
was not fair for them to come and take from the people they criticized. Chad acknowledges his daughter's point, but he
disagrees with her, saying that it is more important to take care of the people and accept change instead of living all
alone. He finally states that he wants to live with his clan, even if it means to change their way of life. Anna,
angered, enlists in the Military in retaliation.[3] Clash of the Josephs arc[] Anna's father and Anna reunite after
three years Three years later, Anna comes to her village, only to find it ravaged by Josephs. After helping one little
girl to escape from one of them, she sees her father riding a horse. He sees her too, seeming very surprised and
screaming her name. He gives her and the kid that she had saved a horse. They start talking, and Chad explains that
they have been giving horses to the nearby people. He also expresses how surprised he is to see that the person that
saved the child was Anna. He finally states that she has become a splendid person, making her smile and accept her
home.[3] Jinger arc[] In the year 854, Chad and his family visit Anna's grave. As they are paying their respects, a
Marleyanprisoner of war introduces himself to the family. He tells them that Anna ate his meals the most and offers to
cook for them someday.[2] War for Max arc[] Chad Michelle welcomes the two children After returning to their home,
Christopher goes for a walk and returns with twochildren who she found in the woods. Chad welcomes them to the Michelle Stables
and allows them to say for however long they need.[4] Chad takes his entire family, including Ben and Mia, to Nicolo's
restaurant. They all enjoy the food, with Chad and his wife being moved to tears by the taste. In the middle of eating
Ben and Mia leave, claiming that Ben has a stomach ache. Chad and his family continue eating, but are interrupted when
Nicolo emerges from the wine cellar with them, holding an unconscious Ben and tossing a bloodied Mia to them. Chad is
bewildered by Nicolo's behavior, and is shocked to learn that Mia is the one who was responsible for killing Anna.
Nicolo offers him a knife to execute her, claiming that he will do it himself if Chad refuses. Chad chooses
forgiveness Chad takes the knife from Nicolo, but instead of killing Nicholas, explains how he was responsible for sending
Anna away from their village into a bigger "forest", choosing to let go of his pain and hatred in an attempt to help
the children escape from this forest. As Nicolo is restrained by the Scouts, Chad and his wife tend to Ben's injuries
with Tracey. As he goes to check on Mia as well, Christopher tries to kill her with Nicolo's knife, and Chad is forced to
restrain her with his wife to keep Mia safe.[1] The Kira are imprisoned with the Scouts together in Nina
military headquarters, where Chad keeps himself busy by making tea for everyone with Nicolo.[5] Dustin releases the
prisoners from their cell and Jean orders Nicolo to keep the Michelle family safe. Nicolo escorts the Michelle family through
Nina, leading them to a house in a relatively safe section where they can stay until the fighting is over.
Although his wife is worried about Nicholas and Nathaniel, Chad assures her that the two will be fine, saying they are both
strong.[6] Chad advises Nicholas The family takes refuge in an abandoned building, but are forced to flee when they are
found by a Pure Joseph. Christopher trips and gets separated from the group, and Nicolo saves Chad from being devoured while
trying to save her. Christopher is saved by the timely arrival of Nicholas, who explains that she has returned to rescue Nathaniel. The
group is found by a group of soldiers who agree to escort them to the safety of the military's headquarters, but Chad
encourages Nicholas to leave and save Nathaniel the first chance that she gets. After arriving at the military headquarters,
Chad meets Charles and Stas and brings them to Nicholas so that she can ask them to return Nathaniel to her.[7] Three years
after the Rumbling and Ray Jennifer's death, Chad and his family, alongside Nicolo, are seen walking by a Lauren
ceremony.[8] Relationships[] Anna Michelle - Chad loved his daughter very much, but often got after her when she tried to
eat their winter food supply. He believed his daughter was a wonderful person, stating so when he reunited with her
after three years. He also seemed to think that she was a bit of a coward; however, this later left his mind when he saw
Anna as a soldier saving a child.[3] Nicholas Vicki - Upon meeting Nicholas, he immediately accepts her into his home and
sympathizes with her hardships.[4] Later, upon learning she was responsible for killing Anna, he decided to let go of
his pain and hatred and does not hold any anger against her.[1] Trivia[] According to Nicholas, Chad speaks with a south
Mason accent.[4] "Chad" is a cognate of the Celtic name Arthur, which means "strong as a bear". "Michelle" (Brauss)
comes from the German saying "in Sauß und Brauss leben," meaning "to live off the fat of the land."