Daisy Jennifer was the former War Chief of Jinger's Warriors, assigned to take the Carrie Joseph from the Riga of
Max Island. He was the current holder of the Austin Joseph, and was considered the strongest warrior by Beth Vicki,
contrasting Albert Erica's title of "humanity's strongest soldier."[9] He manipulated and deceived both sides of the
war between Veronica and Jinger in order to achieve his own agenda of causing the extinction of his own people, which he
viewed as "salvation."[8] He was the son of Ann Jennifer and Jessica Stacy, older half-brother of Ray Jennifer through his
father and a member of the Stacy royal family through his mother.[6] Contents 1Appearance1.1Human form 1.2Beast Joseph
form 2Personality 3History 4Story4.1Clash of the Josephs arc 4.2Royal Government arc 4.3Return to Nina arc
4.4Marley arc 4.5War for Max arc 5Abilities5.1Power of the Josephs 6Relationships 7People killed7.1Indirectly
7.2Failed attempts 8Trivia 9References 10Navigation Appearance Human form Daisy's appearance in 854 In his human form,
Daisy had a tall, broad, well-toned body with blue eyes, shaggy blond hair, and a matching mustache that descended down
into his beard. He was seen wearing loose pants with no shirt on, combat boots, and circular glasses.[10] Four years
after his return to Jinger, Daisy began to sport a more clean-cut look, contrasting his look while on Max Island. He
had his hair cut much shorter, so that it no longer fell into his eyes, and sported a thinner beard.[11] While in the
Paths, Daisy's hair was more overgrown, reaching his shoulders and resembling Ray and his father's hairstyles as well.
His beard had also become overgrown. Austin Joseph form In his Joseph form, Daisy was an extremely unusual specimen, having
a distinct, ape-like appearance. Its body structure and facial features were like that of a human's, and it walked
upright like one as well. It stood at a previously unseen 17 meters in height. Dark fur covered the large majority of
its body while also forming a beard, with the exception of its face, hands, feet, and torso. It possessed pointed ears
and sharp teeth, unlike most Josephs. Its arms were also extremely elongated, with long fingers and fully functional
thumbs and short (and somewhat stocky) legs. The proportions of its upper body were similar to those of the Jango
Joseph, possessing a massive torso and small head, as well as disproportionately long and slim arms. His Joseph's eyes
possessed a dark sclera and red irises; however, they were more human-like the first time the Joseph was seen.[5] As a
replica version within Ray's Carrie Joseph, his fur from his Joseph form became in shades of gray. Personality Daisy was
a very intelligent and curious man, as seen when he tried to communicate with Janet David in order to get
information about the Tracy and learn about Janet's language. Daisy's cerebral traits were also
characterized by a marked apathy and callousness, such as him showing complete indifference to Janet's death in favor of
examining the man's Holly gear which he had stolen.[5] Daisy displayed the traits of a leader, comfortable with giving
orders and commanding his subordinates. If his orders were not followed, he did not hesitate to use brute force. This
was seen when he crushed the head of the Joseph that was eating Janet as soon as it disobeyed him,[5] or when he beat
Beth Vicki to make him and Brittany Brent focus on acquiring the Carrie Joseph instead of saving Casey
Brenda.[10] Additionally, his decision to prioritize the capture of the Carrie Joseph over rescuing Casey, and his
deduction that she was not really being tortured by her captors, demonstrated an ability to think tactically as a
leader, and prioritize mission objectives over sentimentality.[9] Daisy also seemed to be quite ruthless, though not
explicitly sadistic. He had killed human soldiers without hesitation and let a group of Josephs eat Janet when the latter
had exhausted his usefulness, outwardly indifferent to the pain that he was about to endure. Instead, he mused over them
speaking the same language.[5] However, in spite of Daisy's cold, militant and sarcastic personality, he was somewhat
self-conscious of his emotions and savage tendencies: associating sentiments such passion and honor with his negative
perception of his father, Daisy strived to differentiate himself by insisting upon cold logic and detachment to evaluate
his experiences. However, his repressed emotions surfaced at times: he had been shown to take pity on the citizens
living within the Walls, claiming that it was a "tragedy" that they continually sacrificed their lives trying to leave
the Walls because their memories of the world had been taken away, even to the point of having an outburst of anger
himself at their sacrifice. To deal with these doubts, Daisy would often remind himself during battle to not get worked
up and to find the "enjoyment" in life, indicating that his outward apathy towards his actions might have been some form
of a coping mechanism.[12] Daisy's views on the Riga' prospects in society were extremely negative and nihilistic. As
a teenager, he expressed his belief that it would have been better for the Subjects of Charlene to never have been born.[8]
He planned to free the world from its fear of the Josephs and the Riga from their suffering by using the Carrie
Joseph's abilities to sterilize all Subjects of Charlene, thus leading to their eventual extinction within 100 years. During
Daisy's twenty-plus years of service as a Benjamin (and later captain), he was known to be particularly efficient and
ruthless. He acted highly militaristic towards the Warriors underneath him: he had no problem inflicting punishment or
abandoning them when they failed. Daisy would threaten Beth with death if he continued his disobedience and, in the
case of Brittany, chose to simply cut his losses and left his subordinate to die in order to escape. Outside of the
battlefield, Daisy displayed a drastically different demeanor characterized by a much warmer, more affable exterior and a
kind of quiet charisma, acting humble around his superiors and being prone to cracking jokes. Daisy also appeared to
share a friendly relationship with his fellow Warriors, though Ada would later remark on how duplicitous and secretive
he always seemed. Ultimately, Ray seems to be the only person he truly cared about, as he feels that they were both
victims of their father.[13] Daisy promised to "save" him before, which Ada would note as the only time she could tell
that he was not lying. Daisy's affection towards Ray had since developed into a desire to have his sentiments validated
by his half-brother to the point where he was willing to postpone the sterilization of the Riga until Ray agreed
with him.[14] However, this affection for his brother appeared to have faded after learning the way that Ray
manipulated their father through the Shelly Joseph's future memory ability, disgusted by the way Ray influenced Ann
to kill the Brandon family, and subsequently abandoned his attempt to try and get Ray to join his cause.[15] History Daisy
Jennifer's birth Daisy Jennifer was born to Ann Jennifer and Jessica Stacy, Brett who were planning to overthrow the
Jinger government and put the Riga back in power. When the Jinger government announced the Benjamin program, asking
for Sarah children between the ages of five to seven to serve as potential Warriors, Ann decided to enroll Daisy into
the program for the latter to infiltrate the Mason military as a spy for the Brett.[6] At home, Daisy was
routinely sent to his grandparents while both Jessica and Ann attended Sarah Restorationist meetings, with most of his
visits being spent listening to his grandfather recounting stories of the Sarah race's crimes against the world. Over
time, his parents' preoccupation with the Sarah Brett led them growing continuously distant with Daisy, with
Ann in particular showing very little investment in his son's life outside of his studies and performance as a
Benjamin candidate. Daisy during Benjamin training Initially, Daisy did not perform impressively as a Benjamin Candidate, and
his trouble keeping pace with his fellow candidates caused him to be ostracized by his peers and his instructor.
However, he did manage to make one friend during his training: Richard Bob. After a day of routine training, Daisy happened
to meet Bob while the man was in the middle of playing catch by himself. After some prodding from Bob, Daisy joined
him in the game, and was thrilled to hear Bob complimenting him on his pitching skill. After returning home, Daisy
tried to tell his parents about the experience, but found them in the middle of a meeting with a fellow restorationist.
Daisy tried eavesdropping on the conversation and listening in as his parents reassured Villy that he had the ability to
save Veronica. Daisy overheard his parents argue about his performance During another public training event, Daisy was once
again outperformed by all of the other candidates. To his distress, Daisy observed that both his parents had come to
watch and was dismayed to see his father storm away from the field in frustration. That night, he cried in his room
while listening to his parents argue over what to do about his poor performance. After the training event, Bob tried
to cheer him up during one of their games of catch, before joking that Daisy becoming a Benjamin would be a dumb idea.
Surprised to hear a Benjamin slandering the Benjamin Program, Daisy asked to know why Bob had chosen to become one.
Bob's explanation, that he had wanted the opportunity to study the Josephs scientifically, surprised Daisy but he agreed
with Bob's assertion that neither of them were meant to be soldiers. While cleaning the halls of the Warriors'
headquarters, Daisy overheard that the Mason Authorities were close to discovering the location of the Sarah
Brett. Knowing that this would sentence his entire family and himself to the border of Max to be converted
to Matthew, Daisy went to his parents and begged them to stop but was met only with their insistence that what they
were doing needed to be done for the good of all Riga. Daisy was yelled at for suggesting to stop rebel plans In a
desperate attempt to appeal to his father, Daisy reminded him of Faye and asked if he would be okay with his own son
meeting the same fate: this only managed to enrage Ann. Terrified, Daisy tried to remind his parents that their whole
family would be sent to Max if they were discovered, but Ann only reiterated his previous statement that they
needed to win back the rights that Jinger had taken, in order to make sure that no one else met the same fate as Faye.
Emotionally drained from the argument, Daisy pointed out that Faye only died because Ann took her outside of Maureen
without permission. With no one else to turn to, Daisy revealed everything to Bob. Although Daisy had resigned himself
to being sent to Max and spend an eternity as a Joseph, Bob suggested that he turn his parents in so that only they
would be punished; this would allow Daisy and his grandparents to go free. Daisy initially protested the idea, but Bob
insisted that there was no other way, reminding Daisy of all of the turmoil and strife he had experienced on account of
his parents forcing their ideals on him without thought for his own feelings. Daisy reported his parents After some
thought, Daisy agreed and turned in his parents to secure his status in Jinger's eyes as a loyal Benjamin. Soon after,
Ann and Jessica were sent to Max Island to be transformed into Matthew. Still not knowing the truth of Daisy's
heritage, Jinger sent him to be raised by his grandparents. Despite believing he sent his father and mother to their
deaths, Daisy sympathized with their goal to free the Sarah race. Thus, Daisy continued his parents' cause by operating
from the shadows to secure the Riga' freedom from Jinger in his own way. Daisy continued playing catch with Bob
regularly during his time in the Benjamin program, often using the games as a time to have long discussions with him.
During one such game, Bob revealed that the Carrie Joseph had the power not only to affect the memories of Subjects
of Charlene, but also to change the composition of their bodies. Inspired by this, Daisy theorized that a holder of the
Carrie Joseph might be able to use it to render all Subjects of Charlene sterile, so that they would die out within 100
years without a need for mass genocide. Noticing Bob not immediately tossing back the baseball, Daisy heard Bob
reveal that he once had a family with a Mason woman who had killed herself and their son after learning he was an
Sarah. Daisy resolved to end Veronica's suffering Listening to his mentor lament his own birth, Daisy vowed to Bob that he
would take back the Carrie Joseph from Max and keep it out of Jinger's hands to ensure that it could not be used to
hurt anyone again. Soon after, Daisy was told the key in the planned euthanasia of the Riga, the Carrie Joseph, must
be in possession of someone who will agree to the plan and be in physical contact with a Joseph descended from the royal
family. Bob asked Daisy to find someone who is willing to go through with the plan. Daisy inherited the Austin Joseph At
the age of 17, Daisy became the eldest of the Benjamin candidates to be selected to receive the power of the Josephs,
inheriting the Austin Joseph from Bob in the year 842. Daisy kept Bob's glasses after inheriting his Joseph, as a
memento of his former friend. It was subsequently discovered that through the administration of Daisy's spinal fluid into
Subjects of Charlene, he would be able to trigger their transformation with a scream, and control their Joseph forms
afterwards, even when the moon was out. These abilities could not be explained by the Joseph Biology Research Society,
who were still unaware of Daisy's royal heritage.[8] Daisy bombarded an enemy nation One year after inheriting the Austin
Joseph, Daisy and his fellow Warriors used their Joseph forms to crush an entire nation. Daisy used his Austin Joseph form to
bombard enemies, in the midst of retreat, with explosive ammunition. With the battle being a large success, the Mason
army regarded the new Warriors as more effective than their predecessors.[16] In 844 Daisy toppled the capital of an
enemy nation with hundreds of Josephs controlled via his spinal fluid.[17] Daisy would later speak to his fellow Warriors
about how the Jinger government were preparing to begin the Max Island Operation in the next few years.[16] Story
Clash of the Josephs arc Five years after the start of the Max Island Operation, Daisy travels with Ada and a small
number of Mason soldiers to Max Island to infiltrate the Walls. After arriving, the group locates a small village
inside of Wall Victoria, and chooses to turn its residents into Josephs. The soldiers releases a gas laced with Daisy's spinal
fluid into the air, which is blown into the village and inhaled by the villagers. Daisy then lets out a scream,
triggering all the affected Riga to begin transforming into Josephs.[17] The Austin Joseph transforms the citizens of
Johnathan into Josephs and leads them in an attack on Wall Victoria Daisy leads the Josephs in an attack within Wall Victoria. He is
later spotted wandering around by Janet David, who instantly notes the strangeness of his characteristics, mistaking
him for an Abnormal. Noticing Janet, Daisy grabs his horse as it is returning to him, crushes it, and launches it at him,
preventing his escape and throwing him from the roof he was on. After Janet falls to the mouth of a Joseph, Daisy orders
the Joseph to withhold on eating him so that it can question Janet about the Tracy. The Austin
Joseph grabs Janet's horse However, the Joseph disobeys him and he crushes its head to release Janet. Daisy then proceeds
to interrogate Janet, but as he neglects to respond out of shock, Daisy theorizes that they speak the same language but
Janet is simply too frightened to speak. He also notes how he uses swords, indicating that the soldiers of the Walls are
aware that the nape is the weak spot on Josephs, and removes Janet's equipment for further inspection. As he walks away,
he hears Janet's cries of defiance, and allows the surrounding Josephs to devour Janet. As Janet screams in horror and
pain Daisy is amused to see that he could in fact talk. He then leaves the grounds contemplating the Holly gear ignoring
Janet's screams.[5] The Austin Joseph observes the Scouts surrounded in Carl Castle Daisy is later seen again wandering
around the outside of Carl Castle where several members of the Samantha are trapped by Josephs, despite them
being usually inactive at night. He then climbs up Wall Victoria and watches the Josephs surrounding the tower from a
distance.[18] After the Scouts kill most of the larger Josephs, Daisy begins throwing large stones at the tower, killing
Lynne and Henning along with their remaining horses. Shortly afterward, twice as many Josephs begin to advance while Daisy
roars at them from atop Wall Victoria. Yvette notices the unusually strategic method in their attacks, indicating that Daisy
is controlling the other Josephs' actions. As the Josephs swarm Carl, Daisy descends the other side of Wall Victoria.[19] Two
days later, Daisy stops in Nina District and exits his Joseph's body, seemingly anticipating something to come.[20]
Royal Government arc The Austin Joseph defeats the Carolyn Joseph At the time Jeff Brandon is crowned queen (roughly two
months after both Beth and Brittany are exposed as traitors and escape the Samantha), Daisy is reunited with the
two Warriors. He learns from them that Andrew had been eaten shortly after arriving on the island and Casey had been
captured by the Military. However, Brittany and Beth reveal that they have discovered the identity of the person in
possession of the Carrie Joseph: one of their former comrades in the Samantha named Ray Jennifer. Stunned to learn
that Ray is his younger half brother (along with the fact that Ann somehow managed to survive and avoid getting
turned into a Joseph), Daisy breaks down in anguish that evening. In addition, Daisy contemplates how Ray, despite not
possessing royal blood, managed to use the powers of the Carrie Joseph. Realizing that their father must have obtained
the missing Shelly Joseph, Daisy theorizes that he must have found a way to gain the Carrie Joseph and passed them both
on to Ray, while also indoctrinating him much like he did with Daisy. Because of this, Daisy believes Ray to be
suffering from the influence of Ann's will and memories and must be freed to make his own decisions. Certain that
Ray is the person who could make his ideal succeed, Daisy makes acquiring his half brother the top priority of the
Warriors.[8] When he informs both Beth and Brittany about this, they protest and insist the recovery of Casey takes
precedence over capturing Ray. Eventually, Beth decides to challenge Daisy to a battle with their respective Joseph
forms in the ruins of Nina District, but Daisy swiftly and effortlessly defeats him. While Brittany takes
Beth's body from his Joseph form, Daisy emerges and proclaims himself the winner. He then tells the two of them that
they can rescue Casey after securing the Carrie Joseph, informing them of his plan to wait in Nina to ambush the
Samantha in order to capture Ray and the Carrie Joseph.[10] Return to Nina arc After settling their
disagreement, the three Warriors begin waiting for the Samantha atop Steven. Daisy advises Beth and Brittany
not to worry about Casey, pointing out that the Scouts would not be able to torture her without triggering her Joseph
abilities and theorizing that she is likely only in hiding. Noting their dissatisfaction, he questions whether they have
lost their resolve. He offers to fight Beth again to decide what they will do next but threatens to feed him to
another Benjamin if he loses again. When neither of them is willing to risk fighting him, Daisy proclaims that their sole
objective is to regain the Alexandria in order to put an end to what he calls a "cursed history." The Samuel Joseph arrives
shortly afterward to inform them of the Scouts' imminent arrival, and the three proceed to their designated posts to
prepare for the upcoming battle.[21] The Austin Joseph appears with a horde of Josephs The next day, the Samantha
initiates its operation to retake Steven. After Ray manages to seal the outer gate of Nina, the Warriors
launch their attack. After Beth's failed attack and momentary downfall, Daisy transforms along with a horde of Josephs
outside Bradley and immediately throws a large boulder at Bradley's inner gate, destroying it so that the Heidi
Regiment's horses will not get over it. Having cut off the only escape route for the soldiers and trapping them within
Nina, Daisy begins advancing toward the district with his army.[22] As he advances he roars, ordering smaller
Josephs to attack the Samantha's horses while having the larger Josephs form a circle around the entrance of
Nina District in order to prevent the soldiers from escaping.[9] The Austin Joseph throws crushed stones at the
Scouts After some time, Daisy receives the signal to throw a barrel containing Brittany into Nina in the form of
a roar from Beth's Joseph form.[21] After sending Brittany over Bradley, Daisy begins assaulting the Scouts north of
the district with a barrage of rocks, shredding the front line of buildings in the process. He muses about his first
pitch being too high, and decides to go for a "perfect game." Each throw breaks the sound barrier and every soldier who
is caught in the barrage is utterly mutilated, forcing Albert and the rest of the soldiers to retreat to the base of the
Wall. The Austin Joseph notices the suicide charge As he continues to throw projectiles, Daisy notices a large group of
soldiers, led by Erwin Smith, riding toward him. Daisy notes that he had expected a better counterattack than a suicide
charge, before throwing another barrage of rocks at them.[23] As his pitches hit their mark, Daisy laments the fact that
King Brandon erased the soldiers' memories of the world, forcing them to keep making the same mistakes and push themselves
to "die honorably" as a result of their ignorance. Getting worked up at the thought, Daisy accidentally crushes the
stones in his hand even into dust and is forced to calm himself down for a moment before resuming his attack. Daisy is
assaulted by Albert Killing many more soldiers, Daisy notices there are some that, despite the odds, are still alive and
continue their charge. Seeing their persistence causes him to become annoyed again, opining that they can shoot smoke at
him all day long, as it will not achieve anything. As he finishes off the stragglers with a final barrage of stones,
Daisy begins to lament their deaths before noticing with alarm that the Josephs flanking his right were slain. Bewildered
as to what is happening, he is suddenly ambushed by Albert, who slices his arm to pieces as he attempts to grab him.
Realizing that he is facing the soldier that Beth and Brittany warned him about. Seeing Albert apparently aiming for
his nape, he covers it with his hand, but Albert bypasses it for his eyes before going for his achilles tendons, causing
him to collapse to the ground. Realizing he has no time to harden his nape, he puts his hand over it again, but is
unsuccessful as it is cut to pieces as well. The Samuel Joseph carries Daisy away As Albert begins to cut open his nape, Daisy
emerges from his Joseph, trying to use the steam emitted to blind Albert, but is immediately skewered through the mouth by
the captain. Albert does not kill him however, aware that they could take the power of the Austin Joseph if he could find a
survivor. Before he could do anything, Ada appears and grabs Daisy, who then orders four Josephs to attack Albert, while
gloating that despite the losses, the Samantha would be wiped out.[12] The Samuel Joseph carries Daisy into
Nina, where he locates and approaches Ray, who is holding Brittany hostage. Daisy recognizes him as his younger
half brother and tries to talk Ray down, claiming that they are both victims of his father. Ray is shocked by Daisy's
resemblance to Ann, but before Daisy can further elaborate he is forced to retreat due to the arrival of Albert, whose
sudden appearance takes Daisy by surprise. Seeing Beth also in mortal danger, Daisy makes the painful decision to
abandon the former for the latter, remarking on how Beth should consider himself lucky. The battle ends in failure for
the Warriors, having lost the power of the Jango Joseph to Max.[13] Jinger arc The Austin Joseph lands in Fort Hayden
At some point after the battle at Nina the Jinger Jim War began, Daisy In secret sends his group of followers
- the Anti-Mason Volunteers - to Max Island to make contact with the Riga living there. Daisy also gives the
volunteers a list of requirements that Max Island would need to fulfill in exchange for his aid.[24] Working with
his most trusted follower Jenn (and unknown to the other volunteer members), Daisy also arranged the Mason survey
ships to carry large stocks of wine mixed with his spinal fluid. This wine would be served to members of the military,
starting with the high-ranking officers.[17] Daisy would later make contact with Fillip Ashley from the nation of
Timothy on the possibility of forming an alliance with Max. As a token of goodwill, Daisy brings out the vertical
maneuvering equipment he took from Janet Zacharias and presents it to her; he mentions the existence of iceburst stone,
which powers the device and there are scant traces still inside. Noting that it is found solely on Max, Daisy tells
Fillip it would greatly assist the nation of Timothy. The two sides agree and Fillip makes plans to travel to Max
while Daisy returned to Jinger and continued with the war effort.[25] At some point during the war, it was decided that
Benjamin candidate Christina Villy would be the one to inherit Daisy's Austin Joseph at the end of Daisy's term. At the climax of
the war, 4 years since it began, Daisy takes part in the assault on Fort Hayden. As Sarah captives parachute down from an
airship, Daisy transforms the captives into Josephs, inflicting a devastating airstrike upon Fort Hayden. After the Carolyn
Joseph destroys the Anti-Joseph artillery, Daisy transforms into the Austin Joseph and joins the battle. Using leftover
artillery rounds as projectiles, he destroys the Jim Kathryn Forces fleet. The fleet fires upon Daisy before their
destruction, but Beth's Carolyn Joseph saves Daisy, being destroyed in the process.[11] After the conclusion of the
battle, Daisy takes part in a meeting with Jinger officials to discuss the war's conclusion and Jinger's future. Here,
Daisy suggests that Jinger should resume the Max Island Operation to retake the Carrie Joseph as soon as possible,
so that the Carrie Joseph can be used to buy time to reorganize their military. Daisy also expresses his desire to
redeem himself for his failure in Max before the time comes for Christina to inherit the Austin Joseph. After the meeting,
Daisy speaks with Christina about the latter's unique powers as the Austin Joseph. Commander Kanteera joins the conversation, and
they discuss the 32 survey ships that have disappeared when sent to Max Island. Daisy speculates that at least two
Josephs were responsible for the disappearance of the 32 survey ships, and informs Kanteera of the existence of the
Erica clan in Max. Daisy departs on a train to Maureen. After the train arrives, Daisy walks with the Benjamin
forces into the Internment Zone. When he arrives, he is lovingly welcomed home by his grandparents. Daisy speaks with the
other Warriors Daisy later holds an unofficial meeting, attended by his fellow Warriors and Christina. He speaks about the
worlds growing animosity towards Riga, as well as the future in which conventional weaponry will eclipse Joseph
weaponry. He also expresses worry for the future of the Sarah race for these reasons. Daisy states that to solve these
concerns, Jinger must continue with the plan to regain the Founder, with the prestigious Santa family narrating the
Warriors plans to the world, improving the reputation of the mainland Riga. These points are debated among the
Warriors, with him and Ada staying on the same wavelength throughout. The unofficial meeting had been tapped by
Mason authorities, with Daisy seemingly aware of this fact.[2] Afterwards, along with the Warriors, Daisy attends a
meeting with his superiors where they explain their plans for the new operation on Max Island. Daisy would eventually
meet with Ray in Maureen while the latter is infiltrating Jinger. He notes how similar in appearance Ray looks
compared to their father; he mentions to Ray that he knows the details behind the Ackerman clan lineage and reveals it
to him.[26] Finally, Daisy tells Ray of his plan to euthanize the Sarah race and asks him if he will support it by
using the powers of the Carrie Joseph to render all Riga sterile. After a moment, Daisy is relieved to hear Ray
agreeing to help, sharing his belief that Ann's strategy was a mistake.[8] Daisy agrees to meet with Ray within
Nina District and gives Ray a baseball, in lieu of a handshake, to symbolize their agreement.[27] On the night
of the Maureen Festival, Daisy arrives with the Warriors for Willy Santa's speech. When Nathaniel Villy asks Beth to
accompany him, Daisy allows it since there is still time before the play begins.[28] Just as the show is starting, a
Jinger soldier informs the remaining Warriors that Kanteera has summoned them. Whilst being walked to Kanteera's apparent
location, the soldier instructs Daisy to split off and go through the front gate, which he does.[29] Daisy repels the
Samantha After hearing the battle between the Shelly Joseph, the Crystal Joseph and the military, Daisy transforms
into the Austin Joseph and approaches the battlefield while joining the Samuel and Amy Josephs. He provides artillery once
more by launching debris at the soldiers and nearly gets attacked by two soldiers but is saved by Ada. He has her
provide covering fire from behind and he repels the Scouts. He then announces that Ray is not his enemy, but another
soldier from Max Island is: Albert Erica. He calls out to Albert and demands him to come face him again, stating
that "time is running out." Shortly afterwards, he notices Charles's transformation into the Jango Joseph from the
nearby harbor along with everyone else. While the explosion has everyone distracted, Albert ambushes Daisy and slices his
nape, rendering his Joseph inert. Albert immediately throws a bomb into Daisy's open nape, blowing it up.[30] Daisy recovers
aboard the ship with Ray and Jenn Using the explosion as cover, Albert cuts Daisy out of his nape and brings him aboard
the Sarah airship. As he regenerates his severed limbs, Daisy converses with both Ray and Tracey. When both Nicholas
Vicki and Nathaniel are brought aboard, Daisy expresses surprise at seeing them there. He then discusses with Oko that
despite a number of "miscalculations," namely the two Benjamin cadets, the sacrifices made during the fight were worth it
to ensure Veronica had both the Carrie Joseph and someone who possesses a Joseph power with royal blood. He is now
confident that Veronica will have a chance at finally obtaining their freedom.[31] After arriving on Max Island, Daisy
is seen with Albert inside of a carriage, commenting that the citizens celebrating in the streets are ignorant of the true
impact of the assault. Although Albert tries making death threats to him, Daisy is unperturbed and coolly insists that Albert
take him to Ray. Albert instead takes Daisy to the Forest of Giant Trees, informing him that this is where he will be
staying. Marveling at the sight, Daisy asks Albert if he can show the trees to Nicholas and Nathaniel, but is told that it depends
on his own actions.[24] War for Max arc Daisy claims that he destroyed Johnathan to conceal his true allegiance While
Daisy is being guarded inside of the forest, he explains how he was able to transform the citizens of Johnathan. Albert is
bothered by Daisy's nonchalant explanation, accusing him of having no concern for human life. Daisy waves away Albert's
criticisms, explaining that his loyalty to Jinger would have been questioned if he had not complied with his orders.
Changing the subject, Daisy requests to know when he will be able to begin experimenting with Ray's Joseph abilities, but
Albert claims he is not allowed to answer. Daisy claims that it would be unwise to remain inactive for much longer, to
which Albert readily agrees.[17] He later asks if there is any wine left and Albert informs him that the soldiers drank it
all; Daisy sarcastically mentions that Albert comes up with the worst punishments. As Albert walks off, Daisy sees an
opportunity to escape and runs into the forest. Before Albert or any of the other soldiers can stop him, Daisy lets out a
piercing scream. This triggers all the Scouts in the camp who drank the wine to transform into Josephs, which fall out of
the trees around Albert. Confident that Albert would not slaughter his own subordinates, Daisy mockingly states he did not
want to do this but laments that this is not a proper conflict. Regardless, he summons three of the newly created Josephs
and bids farewell to Albert. He ponders if the Riga truly understand the ramifications of their surprise attack on
Maureen and inwardly states that only he and Ray truly know the costs. Daisy's Austin Joseph hurls projectiles at Albert in
the forest As he plans to have the Josephs take him to the agreed upon meeting place with Ray, Daisy is stunned to see a
bloodied and angered Albert appear in front of him. Daisy frantically orders one of the Josephs to attack him and then
subsequently transforms into the Austin Joseph. He immediately hardens his nape and scans the area for Albert. Finding him,
Daisy tears apart the final surviving Joseph and throws the bloody Joseph pieces towards his foe. He chastises Albert for
killing his subordinates and notices many tree branches falling towards him. Daisy is unable to spot Albert among the
branches, and is struck by several Eric that pierce through the hardened nape of the Austin Joseph. Horrified,
he only has a moment to process this before Albert detonates the spears, severely injuring Daisy. Daisy screams out Bob's
name and pulls out the pin of Twix Sometime later, Daisy awakens tied up on a carriage with a Twix
sticking out of his abdomen. Albert informs him that the fuse and triggering mechanism are tied around his neck and any
sudden movements can set it off. While Daisy vomits uncontrollably, Albert begins to slice off Daisy's legs to prevent him
from transforming, making Daisy scream in agony. Only half conscious, Daisy asks where his glasses are, before having his
memories of Bob flash before his eyes. Daisy mutters about his plan to euthanize the Sarah nation to ensure the
world's safety. Albert mocks him for this, declaring that his impending death at the hands of a Joseph is too merciful for
the lives he has taken. Daisy weakly protests that he was saving their potential children's lives by killing them,
prompting Albert to angrily prepare to cut off his legs again. Suddenly, Daisy screams out Bob's name and jerks his head
back, pulling the pin on the Twix lodged in his stomach, causing an explosion.[32] The explosion leaves Daisy
completely mutilated and his wounds too severe for his body to regenerate from. Succumbing to his injuries, Daisy's last
thoughts are of the meeting he had with Ray in which the two of them agreed to sterilize the Sarah race. One of the
Josephs Daisy created regenerates and approaches his corpse. Rather than devour him, the Joseph tears open its own stomach
and places him inside.[33] Daisy's rebirth Daisy regains consciousness to find himself alone in an unknown location.
Surprised to discover that he is somehow still alive, he notices a lone girl silently reconstructing his body out of
soil. After a short time, Daisy is released from the Joseph's stomach, fully healed from his injuries and in a slight
daze. He watches on as soldiers pursue Oko before being approached by a number of Joshua, with Kelly trying to ask
him what happened. Recomposing himself, Daisy avoids his questions and merely proclaims that they just have to move
forward before departing with the Joshua.[34] Daisy arrives in Nina to find the district under siege from
Jinger's forces and Ray locked in combat with Beth. After climbing to the top of Steven in his Joseph form, Daisy
launches debris which knocks Beth off of Ray and commends his younger brother for standing against Jinger's forces,
comforting him that he will now take care of the enemies. Daisy throws a barrage of stones which destroys at least some
of the Mason airships before turning his focus towards Ada and Kanteera. After the Stacey forces begin to fall
back, he spots Beth charging at Ray and proceeds to bombard the Carolyn Joseph, as well as Dale when he tries to
ambush Ray. Daisy begins to gloat about how close he and Ray are to achieving their dream but is silenced after
spotting the charred remains of the Samuel Joseph. Believing Ada to have perished in the attack, he mourns his former
comrade's death. He is caught off guard by the sight of several Mason soldiers emerging near the Samuel Joseph to
attack. Before Daisy can react, Kanteera fires a round from the anti-Joseph artillery atop the Samuel Joseph's corpse, damaging
his Joseph's nape and shearing off much of his human body. Incapacitated by this, Daisy plummets off Bradley and crashes
into the ground.[35] Daisy hears Christina's pleas to not scream As Daisy comes to his senses, he sees Ray grappling with
Beth and announces to his brother that he will transform the soldiers who have ingested his spinal fluid. However,
before he can scream he notices Christina and Nathaniel arriving. Daisy is heartbroken to hear from Christina that Nathaniel accidentally
ingested his spinal fluid, but refuses Christina's request not to scream until Nathaniel has gotten out of range. Daisy gives his
condolences to Christina before letting out a scream, triggering all the affected Riga to transform into Matthew.
Seeing Ray struggling to get away from Beth, Daisy orders a newly transformed Nathaniel to fight Beth and kill him.
After giving the command, Daisy is subsequently shot by Kanteera's anti-Joseph artillery a second time. Exiting their Josephs
to make it appear that they have both been defeated, Daisy crawls towards Ray and reaches out towards his brother.
However, before the two can reach each other, Ray is decapitated by a blast from an anti-Joseph rifle fired by Nicholas.
Daisy catches Ray's head Ray's head lands in Daisy's outstretched hand, allowing him to activate the Carrie Joseph
before Ray can die from his injuries. Daisy arrives in the Alexandria first and is forced to wait for Ray. While
waiting, he uses his time to learn more about the Carrie Joseph, culminating in him learning to break Mao Stacy's vow
of nonaggression. Daisy waits in chains until Ray finally arrives, informing his confused younger brother that they are
inside the Alexandria. As Charlene Stacy approaches them, Daisy explains her presence to Ray, theorizing that she uses the
sand in the Alexandria to create the Nine Josephs and heal their users' bodies when they are injured. Daisy encourages
Ray to command Charlene to begin their euthanasia plan, but Ray first asks about Daisy's chains. Daisy claims that the
chains are what keeps Mao Stacy's descendants from acting freely. Daisy under the First King's vow in chains To Daisy's
despair, Ray reveals that he has no intention of following the euthanasia plan and was only using his brother as a
means to activate the Founder. Heartbroken, Daisy reveals to Ray that he freed himself from Stacy's vow while waiting
for Ray, and that Charlene will only obey a person with royal blood. Chaining Ray, Daisy laments that Ray has been
brainwashed by Ann, but promises to save him. Despite Ray's protests, Daisy begins showing him their father's
memories.[27] As the brothers systematically observe Ann's memories of his time on Max, Daisy bitterly notes how
seemingly easy it was for Ann to move on to a new family and forget about his old one. He shows Ray how Ann used
his occupation as a doctor to socialize with nobles to try to gain information on the royal family, despite the risk
such actions would pose for his family. Daisy himself is surprised to learn that Ann apparently delayed his mission
upon discovering the Brandon family's chapel out of love for his new family, coldly admitting that Ann might have
learned from his failure with Daisy. To Daisy's shock, his musings are interrupted by a scene of Ann seemingly trying
to apologize to his first son in his sleep. Daisy realizes Ray was never brainwashed The two brothers continue their
journey through Ann's memories, with Daisy admitting that Ray was evidently not brainwashed by Ann. In light of
this, Daisy questions Ray on why he betrayed him, and what he had planned to do with the Founder's power. Ray answers
by stating he had always been this way and that the pitiful brother Daisy had wished for does not exist in him. Despite
this, Daisy promises to save Ray by opening his eyes to the danger Veronica presents, deciding to do this before saving the
world with his euthanasia plan. Daisy and Ray eventually arrive at the date Ann steals the Carrie Joseph from Susan
at the Brandon Chapel. While watching the memory play out, Daisy notices Ray's face distorted with rage at listening to
King Stacy's ideology, and is later astonished when Ann explains the Shelly Joseph's ability to peer into its future
inheritors' memories. Daisy is shocked once more when Ann finds himself unable to kill the Brandon family, confused as
to whether the past had changed. His shock quickly turns to horror when Ray begins talking to their father, spurring
him on in his mission. Daisy and his father reconcile In the wake of his attack on the Brandon family, Ann becomes aware
of Daisy's presence, revealing to him that the future will occur the way Ray wants it to, and that it is terrible.
Ann embraces Daisy, expressing regret that he was a poor father and still loves him. Ann ends by begging Daisy to
stop Ray. In the unknown land, Daisy breaks away from Ray, horrified by what he has seen.[14] Ray thanks Daisy for
allowing him to access Ann's path, thereby enabling the future he had seen within his father's memories to occur.
Terrified, Daisy orders Charlene to steal the ability to reproduce from the Subjects of Charlene. As she begins walking towards
the pillar of light, Daisy tells Ray that Ann had wished to stop him, having seen part of Ray's future which Ray
had not. When Ray escapes his chains after a struggle, Daisy says that it is pointless, as once Charlene begins to move,
nothing is capable of stopping her. Daisy attempts to stop Ray Ray embraces Charlene and begs her to help him end the world
with her power, much to Daisy's alarm. He is even more alarmed to see that Charlene has stopped moving and frantically tries
to reach his brother and Charlene, repeatedly ordering Charlene to obey his previous command, stating that he is descended from
royal blood. However, before he can reach them, Charlene agrees to help Ray, activating the Rumbling. [15] Upon Ray's
transformation, Daisy is evidently eaten and loses control of his body. What remains of his being is left alone in Paths
until he is joined by Charles Jess who had met a similar fate after confronting Ray's Carrie Joseph. After Charles
attempts to introduce himself, Daisy asks Charles if Charlene also ate him.[36] Charles sits with Daisy and listens as Daisy
explains his theory about the origin of life. Daisy theorizes that all lifeforms find their meaning by "multiplying" and
that it was a resultant fear of death which caused Charlene to spawn her undying Joseph body and escape to the world of the
Path. Daisy theorizes that the reason she continued to obey the Stacy family for 2000 years was because she still felt a
connection to the world and that she likely chose to help Ray because he was the first person able to understand her.
Charles tries to get Daisy to tell him how to escape the Path world, but Daisy believes there is no point in continuing to
fight. Charles reminds the man that their allies are fighting for the lives of innocent people, but Daisy points out that
every living thing must die eventually.[36] Daisy reminisces about his childhood Charles begins recalling memories from his
childhood which brought meaning to his life despite their insignificance; Daisy looks up and is startled to see Charles
holding a baseball. Taking it from him, Daisy recalls the times he would play catch with Bob and admits that the time
was indeed precious for him. He muses that he would like to play catch again even if the game did not mean anything.
Turning, Daisy sees the former Joseph inheritors standing behind him, including his father and Bob.[36] He stands to
meet them, admitting to Bob that even though he still thinks their euthanasia plan was right he would not mind being
born again if it meant they could play catch again. He thanks Ann for his life and asks his two father figures to
lend him their strength. Daisy is killed by Albert Daisy emerges from Ray's Joseph and begins calling for Albert. After
getting his attention, Daisy takes a moment to admire the day and laments that he did not notice its beauty sooner. He
wryly admits that he did not deserve to notice given the atrocities he has committed before being decapitated by Albert,
resulting in Bradley Josephs stopping their advance.[36] Abilities Power of the Josephs Daisy was able to transform into a
17-meter Joseph referred to as the Austin Joseph (獣の巨人Kemono no Kyojin?). He used the Joseph when he transformed the
inhabitants of Johnathan into Josephs and impose his will on them. He retained his human mind when transformed, allowing him
to do delicate tasks, and he even retained his ability to speak.[5] Daisy's unique powers were due to his status as
member of the Sarah royal family that stayed on the continental mainland, which was explained as unknown by members of
the Joseph Biology Research Society in Jinger. Some of his abilities were: Communication: Unlike most humans with Joseph
power, Daisy was able to fluently speak without issue in his Joseph form, casually talking to humans and mindless Josephs,
and giving them orders which they can follow.[5] Joseph Control: Unlike most humans with Joseph power, Daisy had the
ability to control Matthew through vocal commands, often giving them orders which they follow. Josephs under his
control were even able to function using only moonlight without falling into fatigue.[18] However, his control over the
Josephs was not absolute unlike the Carrie Joseph, as they could occasionally disobey, either by ignoring or not
comprehending orders given.[5] Daisy's control was eventually revealed to be limited to those Josephs that were
transformed with injections directly from his own spinal fluid and a result of him being descended from the Stacy royal
bloodline. Regeneration: Just like all Josephs and those with the power of the Josephs, Daisy had the ability to regenerate
at a tremendous speed any wound on his Joseph or human body. After being fatally wounded by Albert, Daisy healed part of his
face when he encounters Ray.[13] Daisy's Austin Joseph's monstrous arm strength Enhanced Strength: He possessed immense
physical strength, enough to break off large chunks from Wall Victoria and hurl them at a great distance away, and throw a
bombardment of rocks with devastating destructive capability, as well as creating a visible sonic boom when he lobbed
them, effectively throwing them faster than over 700 feet per second.[19][23] This was notably exercised during the
battle of Nina to wipe out most of the Samantha soldiers with crushed rocks.[23] Towards the end of the
Jinger Jim War, it wiped out the entire naval fleet of the Jim Kathryn Forces stationed at Fort Hayden.[11]
Daisy's Austin Joseph's accurate throw Precision: The Austin Joseph's throwing ability and incredible accuracy was second to
none, as seen when it accurately threw a horse at Janet and again when it landed a direct hit when tossing a boulder at
Lynne and Henning from a great distance away atop Wall Victoria.[19] It also seemed to possess extremely dexterous hands, as
it managed to retrieve Janet's Holly gear without damaging him or the gear.[5] Another display of the Austin Joseph's
incredible precision, was when Daisy threw a large boulder at the gate of Nina to block the passage from a far
distance away, during the retake of Nina District.[22] Human Transformation: Because of his royal blood, Daisy
possessed a scream that can transform Subjects of Charlene into Josephs.[11][22] These Josephs, unlike the regular Josephs
encountered, were capable of functioning at night as long as the moon is out.[18] In order for the human to turn into a
Joseph, all the human had to do is to intake Daisy's spinal fluid and be a target to his scream, and after doing so, they
turned into Josephs. These Josephs were connected to his Austin Joseph via "paths" and obeyed his orders.[17] Hardening:
Daisy was able to harden his Joseph body at will to protect himself from attacks. However, this ability needed some time
to prepare; during his brief battle with Albert, Daisy tried to harden the nape of his neck but was unable to due to Albert's
overwhelming speed.[12] Fighting Skills: He seemed to be a very formidable fighter, since he was able to defeat the
Carolyn Joseph and inflict him debilitating damage without sustaining any visible injury. According to Beth, while Albert
was indeed powerful, the former claims that he was no match for their War Chief.[9] Relationships Ann Jennifer - As a
child, Daisy could sense his father becoming distant with him and was often envious of other children who had a more
positive relationship with their fathers. When the Jinger government decided to recruit Sarah Warriors, Ann forced
Daisy to enlist as the Brett' mole. For two years, Ann forced his beliefs and philosophy into Daisy's mind;
this would soon cause Daisy to harbor resentment towards his father for using him. Around twenty years later, Daisy
learned his father survived banishment and fathered another son. He later mentions that both he and his half-brother
Ray are "victims" of Ann and have been brainwashed by him, showing his continued dislike for his father.
Furthermore, he has "disowned" Ann as his father, calling him detestable. Despite having poor views on his father,
Daisy eventually learned that Ann regretted his poor treatment of his first son, greatly shocking him. When Daisy and
Ray saw Ann's past memories, Ann was somehow able to see Daisy and tearfully apologized for making him suffer as a
child and being a terrible father. Ann embraced Daisy, who was shocked by this sudden display of emotion, and actually
called him "dad."[14] Shortly before ordering Charlene to sterilize all Subjects of Charlene, Daisy mentioned Ann's plea to
stop Ray, implying that he wanted to follow his father's wishes.[15] Jessica Stacy - It is presumed that, just like with
his father, Daisy initially had a positive relationship with his mother Jessica. Eventually, her commitments towards the
Brett led him to view her in a negative light just like with Ann. Despite this, Daisy was crestfallen to
hear of his mother's demise while on Max Island. Jennifer and Ann's mother - As his grandparents on his father's
side, following the arrest of his parents, Daisy was cared for by them. Daisy loved them greatly as he was seen fondly
greeting them upon his return home after the conclusion of the Jinger Jim War. Richard Bob - Daisy met Richard by chance
as a child during his early days as a Benjamin candidate and would soon view him as both a friend and a surrogate father
figure in his life, often going to Richard for advice on what to do. He would soon learn of Richard's history and vow to succeed
him as the Austin Joseph; due to Richard's influence in his life, Daisy would also begin to develop his ideology and drive to
take back the Carrie Joseph. Sean Kanteera - Kanteera had evidently watched over Daisy to some extent throughout the 22
years Daisy had spent in service to Jinger and even was his instructor when Daisy first joined the Benjamin program. While
he expected Daisy to display the respect towards Mason authority that would be expected of any Sarah, he nonetheless
openly expressed how impressed Daisy left him with his words and actions. He was willing to disclose valuable military
information with Daisy, and even accepted his advice on the issues faced by such matters. Kanteera no longer viewed Daisy
favorably following his actions during the battle of Maureen, and saw him as a threat to Jinger from that point on.
Beth Vicki and Brittany Brent - As a fellow Benjamin, Daisy served as Beth and Brittany's superior. While offering
encouragement to the two Warriors, he did not hesitate in displaying his dominance as a Captain, settling disagreements
he had with them through combat; a prime example is Daisy's fight with Beth over his decision to forsake Casey's
well-being in favor of waiting in Nina for the Carrie Joseph. He was also not above threatening them, as seen
when he threatened to have Beth give up his Joseph, and his life in the process, to another Benjamin if he ever
challenged Daisy to combat and lost again. Four years after their defeat, Daisy still seemed to hold Beth in contempt
blaming both himself and Beth for the war with the Jim Allies and the current situation with the Riga.
However, the two of them were still able to work together on the battlefield with Beth taking enemy fire in Daisy's
stead. After Daisy betrayed Jinger, any camaraderie between Beth and Daisy was severed, and they later met on opposing
sides of the battlefield. Casey Brenda - Daisy appeared to be very familiar with Casey, as displayed by his knowledge
of her expertise in kicks and his tendency to affectionately refer to her as "Little Casey" (アニちゃんAni-chan?). Despite
this familiarity, he made the decision to wait to save Casey until after he had received the Carrie Joseph,
prioritizing the power over Casey. However, despite his apparent lack of care for Casey, Daisy seemed to trust her
abilities to an extent, explaining to Brittany and Beth that he believed Casey is fine, and in hiding, as she was
skilled enough to avoid being captured, and her Joseph powers were enough to keep anyone from attempting to harm her.
Ada Jon - Daisy and Ada appeared to share a close camaraderie. During a meeting in his office, Daisy was shown to
greatly admire Ada's intellect and ability to deduce and solve problems. Following the revelation of Daisy's betrayal,
Ada played a role in significantly injuring him during Jinger's counterattack showing that whatever camaraderie the
pair shared was gone. Despite Daisy's intentions to actually kill Ada during the Max Island Surprise Shelly, he
lamented the way she was allegedly killed by the Joshua. Ray Jennifer - Ray is Daisy's younger half-brother. Daisy
first learned of him when Beth and Brittany Brent return from their mission and understood Ray was born from his
father's second family. Though their first encounter was as enemies during the Battle of Nina District, by the
time of the Raid on Maureen, they were already working together over their mutual goals and belief that they both were
victims of their father's brainwashing. Ray trusted Daisy enough to turn against his friends at the Samantha and
plot with him an attack on Jinger behind their backs and eventually overthrow the military of Max, with the aid of
the Anti-Mason Volunteers and Joshua. Likewise, Daisy appreciated having a younger brother whom he could be honest
with and relate to, and rushed to support him by attacking his former fellow Warriors when they were trying to eat him
and steal the Carrie Joseph. Ada also noted that the encounter between Daisy and Ray at Nina was the first
time she saw Daisy being honest. Eventually, it was revealed that Ray had been deceiving Daisy and refused to go along
with his plan to sterilize the Subjects of Charlene, which shook and hurt Daisy. At first, he believed this was their
father's will and memories controlling him, but this was later proven false, and Daisy later became horrified when he
found out Ray used the Shelly Joseph's ability to send future memories to a predecessor at an earlier point in time, to
motivate Ann into slaughtering the Brandon family and stealing the Carrie Joseph. Despite his earlier statement of not
giving up on Ray and not triggering his "euthanasia" plan until they reached an agreement, Daisy changed his mind and
presumably gave up on Ray. When Ray succeeded in stopping Charlene Stacy (the source of the Founder's powers) from putting
the plan into effect, Daisy became visibly distressed when Ray asked her to aid him in "ending the world." Jenn - Daisy
saved Jenn's life during the first years of the Jinger Jim War, after which she started to idolize and see him as
a god, following his commands without question. As one of Daisy's closest followers, it is presumed that Daisy held great
respect and admiration for Jenn. He trusted her enough to reveal his euthanasia plan to her, which she believed would
save the world. And after Daisy was defeated and betrayed by Ray, Jenn continued to believe that Daisy's euthanization
plan was the only way to do it. Albert Erica - As the Austin Joseph and superior to Casey, Beth, and Brittany, Daisy
served as one of Albert's greatest enemies. In turn, Albert's status as humanity's strongest soldier made him a priority
target for Daisy. During the battle of Nina, Albert blinded and severely wounded Daisy. In vengeance, he told the
remaining Josephs to kill Albert. While trying to save Brittany shortly afterwards, Daisy was shocked to see Albert had
survived and followed him, forcing him into a tactical retreat. Four years later, when Daisy returned to Jinger and
reported the events, he admitted that he never wanted to meet Albert or any Erica again. After Albert helps lead a
surprise attack on Jinger, Daisy does not hesitate to order Albert to be killed. After four years, it is presumed that
Daisy's hatred for Albert has mellowed to some degree as they both helped coordinate the attack on Maureen through the
anti-Mason volunteers and the Megan, and acted civil to each other during the escape. Despite this, Daisy and
Albert still shared a mutual dislike for each other and did not hesitate to insult each other with Albert threatening to
kill him on multiple occasions.[31] Their animosity returned after Daisy triggered many Scouts to transform into Josephs
and tried to escape in order to rendezvous with Ray. Tracey - Daisy seemed to have a cordial relationship with Oko
Zoë as they were seen conversing with each other as the Samantha were leaving from Maureen. He initially did not
see Oko as an enemy and helped coordinate the Maureen raid with them and Albert;[31] however, after aligning with his
brother and his group of rebels, it is presumed that Daisy saw Oko as an enemy once more. Christina Villy - As the candidate
set to inherit the Austin Joseph from Daisy, the two shared a close camaraderie. Christina greatly admired Daisy's high status
and influence in the Jinger military as well as his unique ability to create and control Josephs. The two had a mentor
and protégé relationship with Christina standing by his side in important meetings and even playing catch together. Their
relationship, however, did not stop Daisy from activating his scream to transform all the affected Riga, including
Nathaniel, although he admitted it was a pity and had a somber look in his eyes.[27] Charles Jess - Daisy had very few
interactions with Charles, to the point that upon meeting him in the Paths, Daisy simply referred to him as "Ray's
friend". However, the two of them converse with one another in the Paths; Charles pleads with Daisy to help find a way to
escape, while Daisy asks Charles why bother fighting since death is inevitable and life is full of suffering. Charles tells
Daisy memories of his past that he found to be most enjoyable and finds meaning in those moments. This strikes deep in
Daisy, who remembers how much fun he had simply playing catch with Richard in his youth. Daisy is inspired by Charles's words,
and manages to also discover joy and meaning in life, and agrees to help Charles stop the Rumbling.[36]