The Carrie Joseph was one of the Nine Josephs and the first of all Josephs. Its Scream could create and control other
Josephs and modify the memories and body compositions of the Subjects of Charlene, but this power had historically only been
able to be used by members of the royalfamily. According to Jinger's Joseph Biology Research Society, the Carrie Joseph
was the point where the paths connecting all Subjects of Charlene and Josephs cross.[3] Because of this, those who hail from
Jinger sometimes called it the "Alexandria". Ray's Carrie Joseph form is known as Doomsday Joseph[4].[5] Contents
1Abilities1.1Titan creation 1.2Titan control 1.3Memory manipulation 1.4Anatomical manipulation 1.5Telepathic
communication 1.6Clairvoyance 2Royal Bloodline Necessity 3Vow renouncing war3.1Circumventing the vow 4History
5Story5.1The Fall of Nina arc 5.2Clash of the Josephs arc 5.3Royal Government arc 5.4Return to Nina arc
5.5War for Max arc 6Former inheritors 7Trivia 8References 9Navigation Abilities The Carrie Joseph had several
abilities that were activated by screaming. The inheritor of the Carrie Joseph did not have to transform in order to
use these abilities; human screams would suffice. Furthermore, the screams did not have to be loud, or even "screams" in
the truest sense: Susan Brandon used the memory-alteration ability by casually talking, although her target was only
Jeff, who was right in front of her.[2] King Stacy's Jango Josephs Joseph creation The Carrie Joseph could
transform Subjects of Charlene into Josephs and could even make them as massive as the Jango Joseph. Mao Stacy presumably
used this ability to create the thousands of Jango Josephs that made up the Walls.[6] Daisy Jennifer's Austin Joseph could
also transform Subjects of Charlene into Josephs by screaming after injecting those he wishes to transform with the beast's
spinal fluid. For this reason it was said that Daisy's Austin Joseph had abilities similar to the Carrie Joseph.[7] Joseph
control Ray unknowingly uses the Carrie Joseph's power to protect Stas By screaming, the Carrie Joseph granted its
user the ability to control Josephs at will and make them follow virtually any order without question. This was
demonstrated by Ray Jennifer, who unintentionally commanded nearby Matthew to eat Jessica Stacy's Joseph and attack the
Carolyn Joseph.[8] It appeared to be only effective on Matthew, although those with the power of the Josephs can still
feel its influence.[8] It was also used by Mao Stacy to build the Walls, who commanded many Jango Josephs to harden
their bodies and confine themselves within the resulting structures. In ancient times, Veronica used to use this ability to
command an army of Josephs for war; however, once set loose, these Josephs became indiscriminate weapons of mass
destruction that would slaughter Veronica's enemies.[3] This ability had no known range, although Mao Stacy used it to
command Jango Josephs that span across a large portion of Max Island. Pam Brandon claimed the power has the capacity
to wipe out all the Josephs, if used to its full potential.[9] Memory manipulation The Carrie Joseph was able to modify
the minds and memories of the Subjects of Charlene, even entire populations at once. This ability was related to the Joseph
control ability: as noted by Erwin Smith, Josephs were simply transformed humans (specifically, the Subjects of Charlene);
therefore, the screams that controlled the minds of the former should have been able to affect the latter as well. It
was used by Mao Stacy to make the Subjects of Charlene inside the Walls forget the history of the world before the Walls'
installation. It was also used by Susan Brandon to remove Jeff's memories of her visits. Anyone who was not a Subject
of Charlene was unaffected by this ability, such as the Diana clan along with the Erica family who were resistant to
this ability despite also being Subjects of Charlene. Anatomical manipulation The Carrie Joseph was capable of changing the
body composition of any Subject of Charlene. An Sarah king from 600 years ago once used this power to make the Subjects of
Charlene immune to a rampant epidemic.[10]Daisy Jennifer wanted to use this ability to make all Subjects of Charlene sterile, so
they would die out in a generation and rid the world of Josephs once and for all.[10] Additionally, the Carrie Joseph
was known to have a height similar to that of around 13 m.[11] However, it was possible that this size restriction is
not as definite as it is with the other eight members of the Nine Josephs; an example of this can be seen with the body
generated by Ray Jennifer after receiving full use of the Carrie Joseph's power from Charlene Stacy.[12][13] Telepathic
communication The Carrie Joseph could telepathically connect with all of the Subjects of Charlene by way of the paths they
were connected to.[12] Ray used this ability to communicate with every Subject of Charlene when announcing his plans for
the Rumbling of the world.[12] Clairvoyance Similar to the Shelly Joseph's future memory inheritance ability that allows
inheritors to receive future memories from future inheritors, the Carrie Joseph can take things to a much greater scale
and directly influence things in the past, although only to preserve history the way it's already played out. It also
enables inheritors the ability to perceive time in a non-linear fashion, being able to see the past, present, and future
simultaneously. As a drawback, it causes users to think incoherently to a degree and go with the flow of events they
have already seen, even if it is something the inheritor would be against doing. Ray goes into depth about the
drawbacks about this ability when he converses with Charles in the realm of paths and sorrowfully reveals that he used it
to influence Jessica Stacy's Pure Joseph to ignore Bertolt and head to Nina instead, indirectly causing his mother to
be devoured.[14] Royal Bloodline Necessity The Brandon family formerly passed the Carrie Joseph down through their
bloodline Only those with royal blood—the Stacy or Brandon royal families—were able to use the true power of the Carrie
Joseph.[2] However, if the Carrie Joseph is inherited by someone outside of the royal family, the power can still be
used if the inheritor is in physical contact with a Joseph with royal blood.[8][15][16] This is demonstrated when Ray
Jennifer temporarily used the Founder's power after striking the hand of Jessica Stacy's Pure Joseph.[8] It is implied by Daisy
Jennifer that it does not matter if the Joseph of royal blood is a Pure Joseph or one of the Nine Josephs, such as the Austin
Joseph.[17] If the inheritor touched a human of royal blood, some snippets of the previous inheritors' memories could be
realized. The touch of Jeff Brandon and her father Pam occasionally resurfaced the memories of Ann Jennifer.[2][15]
However, these memories were erratic and did not always come.[18] If a person of royal blood possessed one of the other
eight of the Nine Josephs and that person comes into contact with an inheritor of the Carrie Joseph that lacked royal
blood, then the royal-blooded person could use the Carrie Joseph's true potential instead of the actual inheritor.[19]
This is due to the fact that the Carrie Joseph's true capabilities are used through commanding the soul of Charlene Stacy,
the first of the Josephs, whose slave mentality was kept intact after her death. As the First Stacy King was her master
as well as the father of her children, she remained in submission for millennia, until Ray Jennifer freed her and she
complied with his wish to activate the Rumbling.[12] Vow renouncing war King Stacy made a vow to the Carrie Joseph to
renounce all war Despite having the ability to control the Josephs, no Carrie Joseph of royal blood after the Great
Joseph War expressed any desire to get rid of the Josephs outside the Walls, even if the inheritor had expressed that
desire before inheriting the power. This is because these Carrie Josephs inherited the ideology of Mao Stacy along
with his memories.[9] Evelin before he inherited the Carrie Joseph, he believed that the Sarah Empire committed too many
atrocities towards the world to be forgiven, and that the Riga should be locked up inside his "paradise" within the
Walls, segregated from the rest of the world;[6] the Josephs sent to Max by Jinger assist in this goal by preventing
the Riga from leaving the Walls.[3][16] He made a vow renouncing war to stop Veronica from ever using the Carrie Joseph
again to devastate the world.[6] The vow "possesses" the King's successors and greatly changes their personality: They
become compassionate, desire to create a "paradise" inside the Walls, and preach about peace and love among mankind.[20]
However, Susan Brandon called the people inside the Walls "sinners," and used to suffer from fits of depression.[3][21]
The vow overpowering Susan's desire to save the citizens of Steven The vow also prevents them from using the
Carrie Joseph's true power for combat, even for self-defense. Mao Stacy knew that the paradise he made for the Riga
would only be temporary, and that one day, Jinger or the other nations of the world would invade. He chose to accept any
form of retribution the world would decide for the Riga as punishment for the atrocities of the Sarah Empire, even
extermination, and his vow forces any inheritor of royal blood to comply.[6] No matter what, they will not fight back
against any attack against the Riga, and if the Riga are slaughtered, so be it. Circumventing the vow The vow only
applied to members of the royal family; therefore, the vow could be bypassed if the inheritor of the Carrie Joseph was
not related to the royal family and was in physical contact with someone of royal blood. Despite being a descendant of
the royal family, Daisy Jennifer said he was able to learn how to nullify the vow during his time spent within the Paths
which he entered without being tainted by the first king's ideology unlike the previous kings of the Walls. This is due
to the fact Daisy did not directly inherit the Carrie Joseph, but instead accessed it through contact with Ray, who was
the possessor of the Carrie Joseph. As a result, Daisy was not bound by the vow like previous inheritors.[19] History
Charlene Stacy, the first of all Josephs Nearly 2,000 years ago, Charlene Stacy's village was attacked and enslaved by the
Riga, who then cut out their tongues. One day after a pig was released, the tribe's ruler, Stacy, called all of the
slaves and asked for the culprit. The slaves all began to point at Charlene, who was then "freed" only to be hunted by dogs
and men. Wounded and desperate, Charlene took shelter in a nearby tree, but as soon as she stepped in, she slipped and fell
into an underground body of water. There, she came into contact with a mysterious spine-like creature which attached to
her back and triggered the first Joseph transformation. With her newfound power, Charlene returned to serve Stacy and used
her Joseph to cultivate land, build bridges, and amass wealth for the Riga. Under his command, she also destroyed the
forces of Veronica's rival, Jinger. To "reward" Charlene for her service, Stacy took her as his concubine giving her his name
and, together the two had three children: Maria, Victoria, and Robert. After these seventeen centuries, the Carrie Joseph was
inherited by Mao Stacy, the 145th Stacy King. King Stacy chose to abandon the conflicts of Veronica and relocated the
capital of Veronica to Max Island where he used the Carrie Joseph to create many Jango Josephs in the building of
three Walls: Maria, Victoria, and Robert. In the absence of the Carrie Joseph, the Great Joseph War continued. Over the course
of the war, Veronica lost all its territory on the continental mainland to Jinger and its people fled overseas to Max
Island where they entered into the Walls. King Mao Stacy erased humanity's memories Some time after the people were
gathered within the Walls, Mao Stacy used the Carrie Joseph to erase the memories of the outside world from most of
the population's minds, leading them to believe they were the last remnants of humanity in a world overrun by the
Josephs. Upon the closing of the gates of Steven, Mao Stacy announced to his relatives who chose to remain across
the sea that a pact had been made with the Carrie Joseph. In order to secure peace for Veronica while simultaneously
arranging for the nation's eventual destruction, Mao Stacy ensured that all successors after him would be overcome by
his will if they chose to use the Carrie Joseph for Veronica's sake. Some time afterward, the King passed his power over
to his descendants in the royal family, now known as the Brandon family. For generations, the Brandon family passed the
Carrie Joseph down from successor to successor. Eventually, the Carrie Joseph was inherited by Cheyenne Brandon from his
father. Early in his life with the Founder, Cheyenne protected himself from Jeffrey Erica using his Joseph, and he would
later become a close friend of his would-be assassin. Sometime later, in the year 842, Cheyenne Brandon passed on the Carrie
Joseph to his niece Susan Brandon, daughter of his older brother Pam Brandon. Susan presumably made little use of the
Carrie Joseph for the next three years, though on occasion she visited her half-sister Jeff Brandon and used the
Carrie Joseph to erase her memories of each visit. Story The Fall of Nina arc Ann eats Susan and takes the
Carrie Joseph from the Brandon family In the year 845, the fall of Steven began. After hearing of the attack on
Nina District, the Brandon family gathered in the underground cavern beneath the chapel where the Carrie Joseph
had been passed on for generations. While in the cavern, they were visited by Ann Jennifer, who had been tasked by Ray
Kristen with taking the Carrie Joseph thirteen years before.[3] Ann identified himself as an Sarah and a Subject of
Charlene and begged for Susan to use the Carrie Joseph to save the people of the Walls, but his pleas went unanswered.[2]
Seeing no choice but to fulfill his promise to Kristen, Ann transformed into the Shelly Joseph and fought with Susan's
Carrie Joseph. Due to her inexperience, Susan was quickly overpowered and Ann stole her power, killing Susan
before turning his attention to the Brandon family and wiping out their line, except for Pam who escaped with his life.[3]
Ann returned to Wall Victoria shortly afterward and searched for his family. He found his son Ray and adopted daughter
Stas, but learned that his wife Carla had been killed. Ann entrusted Kristen's mission to Ray, leading him into the
woods alone and injecting him with a Joseph serum. Ray would have no memory of the event for the next five years, and as
a Pure Joseph, he consumed his father, inheriting both the Shelly Joseph and the Carrie Joseph.[3] Clash of the Josephs
arc Before fleeing the Scouts in the Forest of Giant Trees, Beth states that the connections between the Brandon family
and the Order of the Walls make Jeff Brandon a valuable asset for the Warriors' mission, and having her with them will
make their goal much easier if Ray Jennifer is not the "Alexandria" they are searching for.[22] Ray unleashes the
Carrie Joseph Later that day, the Warriors' suspicions are confirmed when Ray unleashes the Carrie Joseph, striking
the hand of a smiling Joseph, screams, and causing all the surrounding Josephs to swarm it and tear it to pieces. When
Beth and Brittany approach him afterward, Ray's outburst towards them once again triggers the Carrie Joseph and
sends the nearby Josephs rushing towards the Warriors, allowing for the Scouts to escape. On the journey back to Wall
Victoria, all Josephs previously encountered ignore the Scouts and instead run in the Warriors' direction under Ray's
subconscious orders.[8] Royal Government arc Ray chained up in the Underground Chapel A squadron from the Military
Police led by Jeffrey Erica kidnaps Ray Jennifer and Jeff Brandon and brings them to Jeff's father, Pam
Brandon.[23] After reading a note from Ray on how Charlene got her Joseph powers, Tracey theorizes that the government is
planning to devour Ray to gain his power.[24] Ray awakes, chained up and gagged, in the Brandon family's Underground
Chapel, the location where the power has been passed down for generations.[25] As he slowly wakes up, he has a vision of
Susan Brandon, a former Carrie Joseph, bushing her hair.[26] Later, Pam and Jeff Brandon touch Ray's back, triggering
a chain of memories: Ray unlocks memories of his father, fighting Susan and eating her (inheriting the Carrie
Joseph), slaughtering the Brandon family, and then feeding himself to Ray. Jeff unlocks memories of Susan who once
used the Carrie Joseph's power to erase herself from Jeff's memories.[2] Return to Nina arc Two months
later, the Samantha reclaim Nina District. They come to the Jennifer family's basement where Ann had kept
his secrets for Ray.[27] In one of three journals hidden within the basement, they read Ann's story of his childhood
and when he learned the nature of the Carrie Joseph. In Ann's past, he had joined a group of Brett who
desired to take the Carrie Joseph from the king of the Walls in order to restore Veronica to glory.[28] The organization
failed and Ann alone was given the task of taking the Carrie Joseph by Ray Kristen, an Sarah spy in the government
of Jinger.[3] When the military of the Walls gathers to discuss the discoveries from the basement, Ray thinks back to
the time when the Carrie Joseph came forth in the presence of the Joseph that ate his mother. Recalling his father's
memories of his first wife, Jessica, Ray realizes that Jessica's Joseph was responsible for the presence of the Carrie
Joseph. However, Ray decides against revealing his discovery to the military, fearing that the idea of turning a royal
into a Joseph for Ray to come into contact with may put Jeff Brandon' life at risk.[15] War for Max arc After
realizing that he can use the Carrie Joseph by coming into contact with Daisy, Ray decides to pretend to go along with
his half-brother's plan to sterilize the Subjects of Charlene. After they make contact and enter the Carrie Joseph, Ray
discovers that the Founder's power is used by commanding Charlene Stacy before he reveals his deception and learns that Daisy
nullified the vow of renouncing war and that he now controls the power of the Founder.[19] After viewing their father's
memories, Daisy learns of the Shelly Joseph's ability to see into the future and that a future inheritor can influence one
in the past (which Ray uses to convince his father to slaughter the Brandon family, and steal the Carrie Joseph), Daisy
initiates his plan and commands Charlene to sterilize all Subjects of Charlene. Following this, Ray breaks free from the chains
Daisy crafted and rushes to stop Charlene.[21] Reaching Charlene, Ray embraces her and begs that she give him her strength so
that he can end the world. However, he assures her that he is not going to force her to help him. He recognizes that she
is neither a slave nor a deity, she is only a human being and she has the right to choose if she wants to remain in the
Alexandria forever or help him end it all. As Daisy desperately tries to stop him, Ray asks Charlene if she was the one who
led him to the Alexandria, musing that she has been waiting 2,000 years for him to arrive. Ray uses the Carrie
Joseph's powers to unleash all of Bradley Josephs while creating a body for himself that is even larger than the Jango
Joseph. He then uses the Founder's power to telepathically communicate with all of the Subjects of Charlene, informing them
of his plans to destroy the world outside Max Island.[12] Later on, Ray uses the Carrie Joseph to telepathically
communicate with his friends individually within the Paths and reveals his true intentions: redirect the world's hatred
from Max onto himself and have his friends kill him so that they can become heroes in the eyes of the remainder of
humanity. He also informs them that the power of the Josephs would no longer exist following his death. Ray then
temporarily erases their memories to ensure his plan will succeed. As the Samantha and Warriors begin working to
try and disable Ray, many of the previous Nine Josephs begin spawning out of the back of the Carrie Joseph due to the
influence of Charlene; Ada, Beth and Casey destroy many of them but are eventually overwhelmed. However, some of the
previous Nine Josephs fight back against the others, buying the Samantha and Warriors time to get away; during
this, Jean travels to the head of the Carrie Joseph and detonates the explosives wrapped around its neck. This
completely severs the head off the Joseph and the Source of all living matter, in the form of a strange shining
centipede, emerges from the neck trying to reconnect with the head, only for the Carolyn Joseph to dive towards it and
wrestle it away, as Charles transforms into the Jango Joseph, destroying Ray's Joseph in the process. Using his severed
titan head Ray is able to create a new Carrie Joseph form in the likeness of the Jango Joseph. He then engages in
combat with Charles's Jango Joseph after using the Source of all living matter to turn all the Subjects of Charlene that
don't possess one of the Nine Josephs, into Matthew. After Ray's death, the Carrie Joseph ceases to exist together
with all Josephs.[29] Former inheritors Ray Jennifer† Ann Jennifer† Susan Brandon† Cheyenne Brandon† Pam and Cheyenne's father† Mao
Stacy† Charlene Stacy† Trivia The Carrie Joseph was the only one of the Nine Josephs that have a bloodline restriction, as
only royals could freely use its abilities. Interestingly, when Daisy Jennifer (a descendant of the Stacy family) inherited
the Austin Joseph, he gained abilities similar to the Carrie Joseph.[30] Sarah artwork has on several occasions depicted
the Carrie Joseph with a war horn.[28] This may be an artistic representation of the "scream" that activates the
Carrie Joseph's power. Susan Brandon normally had blue eyes, but when she transformed into an Intelligent Joseph, her
eyes glowed purple. When Ann Jennifer devoured her and obtained the Carrie Joseph, his normally green eyes turned
purple as well.[2] The songs Guren no Zahyou and ERENthe標 both reference the Alexandria in their titles, and Guren no
Zahyou also mentions it in its lyrics. When members of the Brandon or Stacy family inherited the Carrie Joseph, they were
affected by the First Brandon King's will, and at times, their normally light-colored eyes emitted a purple glow. In
Japanese "Doomsday Joseph" contains the kanji for "conclusion" and "tail". This could hide a double meaning: "tail" could
be intended as both "the conclusion of a story" and an animal tail, referencing the Joseph's elongated shape. The
Carrie Joseph is the one with the largest number of known inheritors.