The Shelly Joseph [12] was one of the Nine Josephs that could see through the memories of both its past and its future
holders, and has fought for freedom throughout the generations. Contents 1Abilities1.1Future memory inheritance 2History
3Story3.1The Fall of Nina arc 3.2The Struggle for Carly arc 3.3The 57th Exterior Scouting Mission arc 3.4Assault
on Justin arc 3.5Clash of the Josephs arc 3.6Royal Government arc 3.7Return to Nina arc 3.8Marley arc 3.9War for
Max arc 4Former inheritors 5Trivia 6References 7Navigation Abilities Future memory inheritance While all of the Nine
Josephs could receive memories of past inheritors, the Shelly Joseph could also receive memories of inheritors yet to
come. Daisy Jennifer described it as "the power to transcend time", speculating that Ray sent specific memories to Ann
to suit him.[13] These memories led those with the Shelly Joseph to move forward, fighting for freedom.[10]Ray Kristen
received memories of Ann Jennifer telling his son to protect Stas Erica and Charles Jess, although he did not
know whose memories they were.[12] Ann Jennifer knew of the Carrie Joseph's bloodline restriction from the future
memories of his son, Ray.[10] Ann also saw the Rumbling, and, horrified, begged Daisy to stop Ray. Ray saw that he
was able to reach the Alexandria in the unknown land after seeing the future from Ann's memories.[13] However, just
like how memories from the past were often incomplete, memories from the future were incomplete as well: Ray did not
know that Charlene Stacy only obeys those with royalblood.[13] He also did not know exactly what Stas's decision would be
prior to his end.[14] History The Shelly Joseph, like all the Nine Josephs, was brought into the world after the death of
Charlene Stacy. Though this Joseph was presumably caught up in the conflict of houses between the eight Josephs of the Sarah
Empire subservient to the Carrie Joseph, it is said that the Shelly Joseph always fought for freedom of no matter the
day and age. During the Great Joseph War as Jinger gradually gained control over seven of the Nine Josephs, the Shelly
Joseph evidently never fell into Jinger's hands and remained on the mainland while the Carrie Joseph remained overseas
on Max Island where the 145th Stacy King, Mao Stacy, relocated the capital.[15][12] Ray Kristen revealed his true
colors In the year 819, an Sarah spy in the Jinger Public Security named Ray Kristen inherited the Shelly Joseph from an
unknown predecessor. During the thirteen years he held the Shelly Joseph, it is unknown how often he used it, if at all,
until the year 832 when he brought Ann Jennifer to Max Island. At the borderline, after the Brett were
turned into Matthew and sent to wander the island, Kristen made use of the Shelly Joseph to destroy the Public
Security and their ship before disposing of all evidence of the event. Afterward, Kristen entrusted Ann with the
mission to obtain the Carrie Joseph from the King of the Walls and passed on his Shelly Joseph.[15][12] Upon inheriting
the Shelly Joseph from Kristen, Ann used his Joseph to head northwards towards the Walls, where he was found by soldier
Erin of the Samantha.[16] After his arrival in Nina District, it is unknown how often Ann made
use of his Shelly Joseph, if at all. Story The Fall of Nina arc Ann uses the Shelly Joseph to steal the Carrie
Joseph After holding the Shelly Joseph for thirteen years, Steven comes under attack by the Warriors of
Jinger,[17][18] and Ann decides the time has come to negotiate with the Carrie Joseph or take it by force. Arriving
at the Underground Chapel, Ann pleads with Susan Brandon for the sake of Veronica and the Walls, but his cries are
neglected.[19][16] Although insistent about taking the Carrie Joseph by force, Ann is unable to until he is
pressured to by the future holder of the Shelly Joseph: his son Ray Jennifer. Goaded on by the memories of his family, his
comrades who died before him and the mission he was entrusted to fulfill by his predecessor, Ann used the Shelly
Joseph and overpowered Susan, stealing the Carrie Joseph and killing her along with the rest of her family, except for
her father, who escaped.[10] That night, after Steven's breach, Ann reunites with his son. In tears and on the
verge of hysteria, Ann gives Ray the basement key and forces him to take an injection that causes him to lose his
memories. As he is injecting Ray, he tells Ray that he must get to their basement, and that Ray must learn to control
his power in order to save Stas's, Charles's, and everyone else's lives.[20] The injection causes Ray to transform into
a Joseph, and Ann is devoured by his own son.[19] The Struggle for Carly arc Ray's Joseph form For five years, Ray
Jennifer lived his life unaware of his possession of the power of the Josephs until the year 850, during the struggle for
Carly. Upon being caught and eaten by a Joseph, Ray's injuries and burning desire to slaughter the Josephs trigger his
first transformation into his Joseph form. In a nearly mindless state, Ray wanders Carly as a Joseph, slaughtering many
Josephs throughout the day all while avoiding bringing harm to the human cadets around him. His Joseph eventually exhausts
itself, and Ray emerges with healed wounds.[1][20] The Shelly Joseph carries the boulder Completely clueless as to the
nature of the Shelly Joseph's powers, the Carly Nichole takes Ray into their custody and questions him about his Joseph
nature. When it becomes clear that the Nichole soldiers present cannot be reasoned with, cannon fire is used against
Ray, but he successfully accomplishes a partial transformation of his Joseph and protects himself and his friends from
the blast. Upon Commander Tiffany Don' arrival in Carly, the military decides to make use of Ray's Joseph to seal the
breached gate of Carly.[9] Upon reaching the boulder needed to seal the breach in Wall Victoria, Ray's next transformation
goes awry when his Joseph falls into a feral state and attacks Stas Erica[21] before incapacitating itself. The
Shelly Joseph lies dormant for a short time before his friend Charles Jess manages to communicate with Ray himself
through the nape of his Joseph, and Ray regains control.[22] Carrying a massive boulder through the streets as members
of the Nichole Regiment and Alejandro defend him, the Shelly Joseph seals the hole in Bradley, securing humanity's
first victory against the Josephs.[23] The 57th Exterior Scouting Mission arc The Shelly Joseph against the Emily Joseph
Some time afterward, Ray joins the Samantha after his change of custody is made official in a military
tribunal.[24] During his first month in the Scouts, the Shelly Joseph is subjected to a variety of studies by Section
Commander Tracey. At this time, the Samantha discovers the dependency of the Joseph's power upon a fixed goal in
mind before transformation in addition to the drawing of blood.[25] After the month's passing, the Samantha sets
out on the 57th Exterior Scouting Mission. However, the scouting mission is sabotaged by the arrival of the Emily
Joseph.[26] Within a Forest of Giant Trees, the Shelly Joseph battles the Emily Joseph, but he is defeated.[27] While Ray
is later rescued from the Emily Joseph, the scouting mission is cut short and is considered a failure.[28] Assault on
Justin arc A few days later, the Samantha corners Casey Brenda, holder of the Emily Joseph, in Justin
District, and she transforms into the Emily Joseph once more as a last resort.[29] After some hesitation, Ray battles
her a second time with his Joseph. When he is overpowered late in the battle, his Joseph undergoes a sudden change and
catches fire in a berserker-like fit of rage. The Shelly Joseph gains the upper hand over Casey, though the assault comes
to a close when Casey uses her hardening ability to encase herself in a crystal-like substance to avoid capture.[30]
Clash of the Josephs arc The Shelly Joseph struggles against the Carolyn Joseph The next day, Ray joins the Heidi
Regiment's efforts in dealing with the sudden Wall Victoria invasion. At this time, Beth Vicki and Brittany Brent reveal
their respective identities as the Carolyn Joseph and Jango Joseph. When the two transform into their Joseph forms, the
Shelly Joseph battles the Carolyn Joseph.[31] Despite initial difficulties, the Shelly Joseph gains the upper hand and
nearly defeats the Carolyn Joseph until Brittany's Jango Joseph cuts the battle short in a last-resort effort to
capture Ray.[32] Royal Government arc During the week after the invasion, the Samantha goes into hiding as
Gina action against them dramatically increases. Tracey runs experiments on Ray's Joseph in the
wilderness, where they discover that Ray is unable to harden his Joseph body.[33][34] Some time later, Ray is captured
by Pam Brandon, who desires to feed Ray to his daughter, Jeff, in order to return the Carrie Joseph to the royal
family. While captured, Ray gains memories of his father using his Joseph to devour the Carrie Joseph, and slaughter
the majority of the Brandon family. Ray also sees the moment where he ate his father to gain the Power of the Josephs.[19]
Ray shoves barrels of gunpowder into Pam's Joseph During Ray's rescue, he ingests a bottle labeled "armor," and gains
the ability to harden his Joseph's skin in a manner similar to the Josephs inside Bradley and Casey's Emily Joseph. Ray
uses this new armor ability to protect squad Albert from the collapse of the Underground Chapel set in motion by Pam's
transformation.[34] The next morning, Ray uses his powers again to shove gunpowder filled barrels into the mouth of
Pam's enormous pure Joseph. The resulting explosion blows apart its body and allows squad Albert to finish the job.[35]
After the end of the coup d'état, Tracey utilizes the Shelly Joseph's hardening ability to create the Executioner from
Hell, although the effort required causes Ray's nose to bleed.[36] Return to Nina arc The Shelly Joseph's
hardening ability becomes an important part of Erwin Smith's plan to retake Steven. Upon the Scouts' arrival to
Nina District, Ray switches to Joseph form and uses his ability to successfully plug the hole in Bradley, then
reverts to human form in order to hide from the Warriors suspected to be preparing an ambush.[37] The Shelly Joseph
strikes the Carolyn Joseph The mission is interrupted by the sudden appearance of the Austin Joseph and the Carolyn Joseph,
beginning the battle of Nina District.[37] The Shelly Joseph battles the Carolyn Joseph a second time, with this
duel ending in Ray's favor due to his new hardening ability.[38] Before Beth can be killed, Brittany comes to his
rescue and wards off the Samantha soldiers before transforming into the Jango Joseph.[39] Ray attempts to
attack the Jango, but he is kicked into Steven and is incapacitated.[40] Charles once again brings Ray back to his
senses and formulates a plan for him to defeat the Jango Joseph. As Charles distracts Brittany, Ray's Joseph falls to
the ground near the breached north gate of Nina and hardens itself. Thinking that Ray has succumbed to a
concussion, Brittany thinks nothing of it, but soon realizes that he is seeing the hardened shell of a Joseph, and at
that moment of vulnerability, Ray in human form strikes at the nape of the Jango Joseph, pulling Brittany out of his
defeated Joseph form.[41] In the aftermath of the battle for Nina, the survivors of the battle arrive at the
basement of the Jennifer family's home, where Ann Jennifer had left three books which, in addition to information of the
outside world, detailed his past as well as the moment when he inherited the Shelly Joseph from Ray Kristen nearly twenty
years ago.[42][15][12] Jinger arc Through the years 851 to 854, the nation of Jinger sent a total of 32 scouting ships
to Max Island, all of which ended up missing. Daisy Jennifer speculates that the ships were blocked from escaping by
the Shelly Joseph and one other Joseph.[43] The Shelly Joseph crushes Willy Santa As Ray confronts Beth in Maureen, he
declares that he will continue to move forward until he wipes out his enemies. Just as Willy Santa declares war on
Max, Ray transforms into the Shelly Joseph and breaks out of the building, killing many from the debris, and crushes
Willy before devouring him.[44] The Shelly Joseph proceeds to destroy the rest of the stage and attacks the Mason
military. It soon notices the Crystal Joseph's transformation and charges it, landing numerous blows before it can
fully generate a body. Suddenly, a large spike shoots up from the ground and impales the Shelly Joseph in the air. After
the Crystal Joseph forms its hammer and swings it, the Shelly Joseph breaks free from the spike and narrowly avoids
getting hit, only to be pinned to the ground by numerous smaller spikes and bombarded by anti-Joseph artillery. The
Shelly Joseph can only harden its hands and forearms to deflect an incoming swing from the Crystal Joseph. It fails,
and the Shelly Joseph is decapitated by the blow, though Ray survives the devastating strike. The Shelly Joseph stares
menacingly at the crowd Later, while Stas engages the Joseph, Ray transforms into the Shelly Joseph again to sever the
cable connecting the Crystal Joseph to its wielder. The Shelly Joseph is about to consume her when it is caught by
surprise by an ambush by the Amy Joseph. The Shelly Joseph, along with Albert Erica, are able to fight it off.[45]
However, that gives the Crystal Joseph enough time to recover and impale the Shelly Joseph in a web of hardened Joseph
flesh. The Shelly Joseph attempts to devour the Crystal's crystal again, while still trapped in the confines of the
hardened structure. Its teeth shatter on the crystal, and Ray is forced to eject his trapped Joseph form, yet
immediately transforms once more. He takes the crystal back into his hand, and watches the conflict's progression from
across the battlefield. After the Jango Joseph's transformation down at the port breaks the warriors position, the Amy
Joseph attempts to charge Ray down. The Shelly Joseph uses the Amy Joseph to crush the Crystal's crystal The Amy Joseph
avoids an attack by Stas and starts to repeatedly slash at the Shelly Joseph. The Shelly Joseph suffers considerable
damage to its face but is able to divert a few strikes using the crystal holding Henry Santa. As the Amy Joseph
momentarily breaks off from its attack, the Shelly Joseph notices that the claw marks have damaged the crystal. Soon
after, when the Amy Joseph is brought down by Stas slashing its legs, the Shelly Joseph grabs and finishes dismembering
it. It then jams the crystal into the defenseless Amy Joseph's mouth, and begins to squeeze its jaw in an attempt to
finally break through the crystal protecting Henry Santa. The strain causes the crystal to fragment and shatter, killing
her. The Shelly Joseph consumes the fluids coming out of the crystal, granting Ray the powers of the Crystal Joseph.
Ray then turns his attention towards the Amy Joseph, using the Shelly Joseph's strength to put an end to its struggling.
Ray prepares to devour the Joseph, though he pauses upon seeing a bright flash caused by Beth's transformation.[46]
Ray turns around and is able to incapacitate Beth in one punch due to his lack of armor. As he sees Beth's limp
body, he notices that Beth grabbed the Amy Joseph out of his other hand once he was punched. After deciding that he
does not have the energy to take back the Joseph from Beth's grip and eat it, he leaves his Shelly Joseph, for he has
nothing more he can do in his state of exhaustion, and flees.[47] War for Max arc The Shelly Joseph prepares to face
the Mason forces After the Joshua effectively take control of the Walls, Ray returns to Nina District.
Coming into contact with Ada, Ray is led to the roof of the military HQ, where he transforms after being ambushed by
the Amy Joseph.[48] The two briefly fight before the Amy Joseph retreats. Ray ignores Jenn's instruction to escape
underground and goes to engage the Mason forces. He soon encounters the Carolyn Joseph and they fight a third time,
with the Shelly Joseph gaining a slight advantage. When the Amy Joseph reengages to fight alongside the Carolyn Joseph,
Ray is forced to use the Crystal Joseph's powers to keep them at bay.[49] Two incapacitating shots from the Samuel
Joseph to his head lead to the Carolyn Joseph to pin the Shelly Joseph.[49] The two then violently wrestle, until the Austin
Joseph arrives and knocks off the Carolyn Joseph with a projectile thrown from Bradley. The Shelly Joseph attempts to
close the distance between the Austin Joseph and itself, with Daisy protecting Ray by barraging the Carolyn and Amy Josephs
upon their approaches. Eventually, Daisy is sniped by the actions of General Kanteera and the Samuel Joseph, falling off the
top of Bradley.[50] Ray nevertheless continues to Daisy's position, defeating the Amy Joseph along the way by repeatedly
bashing on the Joseph's head. While doing so, another anti-Joseph artillery round is fired into the Shelly Joseph's head,
allowing for Beth to catch up to him and begin grappling with him.[51] In the fallout of Daisy's scream, a transformed
Nathaniel Villy attacks Beth, allowing Ray to begin escaping the Carolyn Joseph's grip. Nathaniel's Joseph eventually breaks
off to devour Danny Dale, allowing an enraged Beth to continue his assault on the Shelly Joseph. However, Ray
traps the Carolyn Joseph by hardening, and exits his Joseph to begin running to Daisy on foot.[51] After Ray's death, the
Shelly Joseph ceases to exist together with all Josephs.[14] Former inheritors Ray Jennifer† Ann Jennifer† Ray Kristen†
Trivia The Shelly Joseph shares the same Japanese name with Shelly on Joseph: . Ray's Joseph form is modeled after the
body of mixed martial artist Yūshin Okami.