Nicholas Vicki is an Sarah serving in the Mason Military and the cousin of Beth Vicki. She is a candidate that is
likely to inherit the Carolyn Joseph's power. Contents 1Appearance 2Personality 3Story3.1Marley arc 3.2War for Max
arc 4Abilities 5People killed5.1Failed attempts 6Trivia 7References 8Navigation Appearance Nicholas's appearance in 854 Nicholas
is a short, young girl with a petite yet athletic build. She has a small face with wide bright brown eyes, defined
eyebrows, a small upturned nose and a notably radiant smile. She also has medium length dark brown hair which she keeps
half tied above her head with large strands on each side of her face. Like her fellow Benjamin candidates, she wears the
standard Mason soldier uniform consisting of a white jacket and pants, supply packs on the hip, suspender straps, a
hard hat with a stripe around it, and knee-high black combat boots. As an Sarah, her uniform is different from the
Stacey, as her shirt collar has a small badge with the Sarah star instead of a small clip and her hat has a white
stripe with the Sarah star on it instead of a pure black stripe. However, underneath her uniform, she wears a short
tattered white dress with poorly made thigh-length white shorts. Nicholas's casual wear consists of a white shirt, black
dress, light brown thigh-length mantle, and brown loafers. As is law in Jinger, Nicholas also wears the Sarah armband as
all her family members and ancestors residing there do so as well. Personality Nicholas is very passionate and head-strong,
expressing her emotions and opinions without inhibition and confident in her superiority over the other Benjamin
candidates. She is also brave, possessing boundless determination, and willing to put her life on the line to complete a
goal for a perceived greater good. She also shows concern for her fellow Riga, risking her life to take out a train
instead of letting 800 of her brethren charge the gunmen guarding their objective. However, these attributes can also
make her somewhat overbearing and domineering. This causes her to be tactless at times, forcing her opinions on others
and taking charge regardless of whether it was asked for or not. She mostly shows this side around her fellow Benjamin
candidates, considering herself their de facto leader to an extent, and even threatening to 'punish' them when they
disagree with her. Nonetheless, she is friendly enough that they have no issue with spending their leisure time with
her.[5] Story Jinger arc Nicholas crafts a make-shift bomb Nicholas and her fellow Benjamin candidates are placed on the front
lines during Jinger's attack on Fort Hayden. When Nathaniel's brother Christina returns to their hiding trench with his wounded
brother, Nicholas and her fellow candidates tend to his wounds as she re-explains their objective to him. Nathaniel asks why
they are on the front lines as candidates and Nicholas explains that it is so they can be evaluated by Commander Kanteera for
their capabilities as successors to the Carolyn Joseph power. When Sisi begins to boast about her grades, Nicholas
interrupts her by explaining her superior resolve to kill all the people of Max Island and free the people trapped
in Maureen. Nicholas resolves to inherit the Carolyn Joseph When the enemy emerges with an armored train, Commander Kanteera
makes a plan to have 800 Sarah Warriors charge the mid-eastern gunmen guarding the base to create an opening. However,
Nicholas volunteers to use a bomb she made to take out the anti-Joseph artillery alone, without losing any soldiers. She is
initially denied, but Nicholas is able to convince Kanteera to let her go. Removing her uniform and tying the bomb to her leg,
Nicholas leaves the ditch and approaches the gunmen with her hands up. She pretends to trip and then throws the bomb on the
train tracks, derailing the train and killing the gunmen as she runs away laughing. One of the survivors opens fire, but
Nicholas is saved by the arrival of Dale's Joseph, which shields her. While she puts her clothes back on, she sees Nathaniel
bringing an injured enemy soldier to the trench. She mocks him, telling him that there is no way he can surpass her as a
possible heir of the Carolyn Joseph by following international law. After the cadets finish tending to their wounded,
they watch the second phase of the assault as Daisy Jennifer and her cousin Beth attack the fort.[2] Nicholas at the port
After the battle has ended, Nicholas is seen waiting with her comrades in a port. The children state how the power of the
Josephs is starting to lose its dominance. They also see several enemy soldiers who suffer from Post-Traumatic Stress
Disorder and come to the conclusion that those survivors will only give the Riga a worse reputation. When Beth
appears, she seems very happy upon seeing him and hugs him. She convinces Beth to explore the city with her and the
other candidates before they return to Maureen. As the Sarah unit is returning to Maureen via train, Christina gets drunk
and starts praising Nicholas for her accomplishments at Hayden. Motivated by his speech, all present soldiers start drinking
and cheering her name while Nicholas cheers for herself. The train reaches Maureen and Nicholas jumps out eagerly, yelling with
excitement to be home, before being quieted a hungover Christina. Dale and Ada congratulate Nicholas for her
accomplishments at Hayden. The Riga proceed to Maureen's internment zone on foot, where Nicholas is reunited with her
family. Nicholas with her family That night, the Michelle family eats dinner together. Nicholas recounts her experience of blowing
up the Carolyn Train, warranting congratulations from her family. When asked by his mother, Beth admits that Nicholas is
currently first in line to inherit the Carolyn Joseph. Karina says that all that is left to do is to exterminate the
people of Max Island, which Nicholas swears to do. When the topic of Beth's time in Max Island appears, Nicholas
expresses sympathy towards Beth, telling her family not to make Beth talk about it. Despite this, Beth begins to
tell the family about his experiences with the people of Max Island, but his words confuse Nicholas as Bradley people
are not painted in a negative light compared to typical Jinger propaganda. This confusion is quickly stamped out when
Karina begins to shower Jinger propaganda back onto Nicholas. As Beth and Nicholas walk to the Warriors' headquarters the next
morning, Beth notes that Nicholas is behaving differently. Nicholas accuses Beth of lying to her, but her cousin insists
that he has nothing to lie about. Once she arrives at the Warriors' headquarters, she begins training with Nathaniel.[6]
Nicholas is confused by Nathaniel's motivation During training, she is beaten by Nathaniel in a footrace for the first time. On the
way back to the internment zone, she is annoyed by a soldier's comment and reminds her friends that her achievements
make her a better candidate than Nathaniel. Seeing how determined he looks, she asks him about his motivations, reminding
him of his brother's status. Nathaniel tells her it is for her sake, which surprises and angers her, having the feeling that
he gets in her way. The same day, she watches the preparations for the festival with Anthony and Sisi. As they discuss the
Sarah's situation, she reminds them of their job for the night and tells them to correct their quirks, then chokes them
as a punishment for having cheered for Nathaniel earlier. Nicholas serves at the Tyburs' party In the evening, she works as a
waitress with her fellow candidates for the ambassadors welcome party. Seeing Anthony having trouble, she approaches him,
and the four candidates then listen to Willy Santa's declaration to the guests. The following day, she wakes up late and
gets out to see many attractions in the internment zone. She is joined by her friends who tell her about the festival
and take her with them. During the day, she enjoys the event with Beth and the others. Later on, Beth has to drag
her as she has eaten too much. At night, her group joins the other Warriors to hear Willy Santa's speech.[5] Nicholas
watches Santa's production along with her fellow Warriors and Benjamin candidates. When Santa reveals that it was
actually Mao Stacy, not the Santa family, who ended the Great Joseph War, Nicholas and her fellow candidates are left
stunned. She and the others hear the rest of Willy's speech and his declaration of war against Max Island. Suddenly,
Ray's Shelly Joseph comes forth to crush the stage, sending Willy's eviscerated corpse into the air and rubble hurling
towards the crowd.[7] Christina holds on to Nicholas Nicholas is dazed by the sudden attack, needing to be helped to her feet by
Christina. She is traumatized to see Sisi's corpse beneath a rock beside her, and is grabbed by Christina to help her escape from
the area. Anthony, who had been with them, breaks off to check on Sisi. However, the crowd separates Anthony before trampling
him in the pandemonium. Christina and Nicholas are forced to take cover behind rubble, and wait for the panicked crowd to pass
them. Later on, they flee the area that had become a battlefield between the Shelly Joseph and the Crystal Joseph.
After recovering Anthony's mangled form, she asks Christina how Anthony is, but he is unable to give her a straight answer, saying
they should go to a hospital instead. They get to a hospital and Christina begs a doctor to take a look at Anthony, but the
doctor refuses, stating that their beds are full and Anthony is already dead. Disheartened, Christina puts Anthony's corpse on the
ground and asks Nicholas to stay with her family and get as far away from the plaza as possible while he goes to look for
Nathaniel, ensuring her that the Benjamin Unit will defeat the invading Josephs. However, she refuses, and announces that she
will go to fight too, because she cannot understand why Anthony and Sisi were killed. She then runs towards the battle
zone, as Christina vainly tries to stop her. Finding a convoy of reinforcements, Nicholas requests to be allowed in one of the
cars, but the gate guards order her to go home. At that moment, the area is attacked by the Samantha, who strike
the soldiers with bombs and bullets. As one of the guards tells Nicholas to run, he is also killed by a sniper atop a nearby
roof. A vengeful Nicholas Nicholas watches as the woman and her comrade flee from the scene, and then grabs the rifle left by
one of the fallen guards. She runs towards the plaza, declaring that she will kill Ray.[8] She later joins Kanteera and
Nathaniel near the battlefield, where she witnesses the transformation of the Jango Joseph at the nearby port. The
shock-wave knocks the three off their feet, though they are unharmed. They then watch as the Austin Joseph and the Samuel
Joseph are overpowered by the Scouts. Nathaniel then runs to the Samuel Joseph's side and begs for the fighting to stop. Under
Kanteera's orders, Nicholas assists Nathaniel in rescuing Ada, while Kanteera and other Mason soldiers hold off the Scouts.
They later take refuge inside a building, and Nathaniel and Nicholas watch astonished at the state which Ada has been left in.
Nathaniel observes that her injuries are so serious that her body is not repairing itself fast enough, and Nicholas adds that
the Samuel Joseph is not as tough as some of the others, such as the Carolyn Joseph. Nicholas asks Nathaniel about Beth, and Nathaniel
responds that he does not know, as he was below the building behind the stage during Ray's attack, and he thinks that
they should not disturb him. Nicholas is shocked at Nathaniel's words, reminding him that Anthony, Sisi and many others have been
killed by Ray. Nicholas and Nathaniel yell for Beth The children soon witness the Shelly Joseph defeating the Amy Joseph and
trying to bite through its nape, which prompts them to yell desperately for Beth to save him. Their screams are
successful as Beth surfaces in an un-armored Joseph form[9] and manages to take Dale away from Ray, although he is
knocked down by him. When Ray retreats with Stas Erica, Nicholas decides that she will not let them escape and takes
a rifle as she runs out of the building in their pursuit. Eventually, Nathaniel catches up with Nicholas and says there is no
point in going after the airship, but she tells him that despite how she is treated in the internment zone, it is still
her home and she cannot forgive anyone who attacks it. She refuses to listen to Nathaniel's suggestion that the "island
devils" have been similarly invaded, insisting that killing them is normal, and they are not like the Riga in the
internment zone. Nicholas shoots the soldier Nicholas sees an enemy soldier grappling to the airship above her and shoots him in
the head. His body falls with his weapon and equipment still tethered to the airship. Nicholas tests the weapon and, after
asking Nathaniel to tell her family and superiors that she fought to the end, activates the trigger to reel up to the
airship. At the last moment, Nathaniel grabs onto the corpse and is taken with her. Upon reaching the airship, Nicholas rolls
inside and fires her rifle at the group of Scouts. The bullet hits a woman in the chest and both Nicholas and Nathaniel are
taken prisoner. She yells that they are carrying out Daisy's will and that the soldier holding her can tell their
ringleader that the true Riga will curse them into their graves. The soldier invites Nicholas to tell their ringleader in
person and takes her and Nathaniel into another back room. Nicholas is stunned to see the ringleader is actually their Warchief,
Daisy Jennifer, who is still alive.[10] After arriving at Max Island, Nicholas and Nathaniel are put into a prison cell.[11]
War for Max arc Nicholas feigns having a seizure Sometime later Nicholas begins feigning a seizure, attracting the attention
of her guard. When the guard attempts to check on her, she uses a brick concealed in her clothes to beat him. Nicholas and a
regretful Nathaniel then hide the guard under her bed, before the two flee the prison. Nicholas, still shaken by Daisy's
betrayal, laments that she can no longer trust anyone. Early the next morning, they stop at a river. Nathaniel notices that
Nicholas still has her Sarah armband on and tells her to remove it. Nicholas does not and claims that a civilian would not know
what it means and there would not be any soldiers out this far. She tells Nathaniel she will most likely not return back to
Jinger and resolves to track down Daisy in order to ask why he betrayed Jinger before she either gets recaptured or
killed. Nicholas tells Nathaniel that he does not have to follow her and can do as he pleases. Nicholas asks Nathaniel why he followed
her Nathaniel responds by tearing off Nicholas's armband, driving her into a frenzy. She throws Nathaniel to the ground, demanding
that he return it. A girl named Christopher notices them and asks what they are doing on their own. Nicholas claims they ran away
from home and discreetly tries to pick up a large rock to attack the girl. As the girl invites them both to her home,
Nathaniel takes the rock away from Nicholas. They reach the house and Nicholas ponders whether to take a horse to escape, believing
that the military will now be looking for them after she killed the guard. When Nathaniel insists they stay for a few days,
Nicholas refuses and does not wish to eat with devils. As the farmer asks why they are here, Nicholas is somewhat surprised to
hear a southern Jinger dialect coming from him. As Nicholas is given some breakfast, Lisa Michelle pats her on the head; this
causes Nicholas to shriek and quickly swat Lisa's hand away. Nathaniel persuades her to eat and, eventually, Nicholas does comply.
Nicholas prepares to attack Christopher As Nicholas is working in the Michelle's stables, one of their horses starts biting her head. She
blames the devils for her woes and insists that they cannot get any information while staying here, but Nathaniel believes
that either Christina or Beth will be coming for them both. As they take a lunch break outside, Nicholas begins to tear into
Christopher with her indoctrinated belief that Riga should not pretend to be good humans. Nathaniel interjects, but both are
stunned to hear Christopher mention that she knows they are from Jinger. Nicholas tries to use a pitchfork to kill Christopher and is only
stopped by Nathaniel's intervention. Christopher takes them both to her old village and shows them where her mother was eaten by a
Joseph. She asks Nicholas why they deserve to be hated so much, who responds by recounting the atrocities of the Sarah
Empire, and says that they should not act as if they are victims. Christopher states that her entire family was born in this
area and never did anything wrong. Nicholas tries to explain Sarah sins to Christopher Caught off guard, Nicholas responds, beginning
a heated argument back and forth between them. This is halted by Nathaniel, who explains that Christopher's village was caught in a
test of the Walled country's strength. Nicholas bitterly chastises Nathaniel for revealing this. Christopher offers to take them to a
restaurant where other Stacey work, giving them a possible route way back to Jinger. Nicholas is surprised and asks why
she would do that.[1] After arriving at Nicolo's restaurant, Nicholas is nervous but Christopher claims that he is from Jinger and
can be trusted. She participates in the meal and is surprised by how good it is. Seeing Nathaniel excuse himself, Nicholas goes
along with his story and they both seek out Nicolo. Finding him in the basement, Nicholas reveals herself and Nathaniel as part
of the Benjamin cadets from Jinger. Seeing his confused face, Nicholas describes how they smuggled themselves aboard the
airship used by the Samantha during the Raid on Maureen. Nicholas and Nathaniel talk to Nicolo When Nicolo warily asks if
they killed anyone, Nicholas excitedly confirms that she killed a female soldier. As Nathaniel tries getting her attention, Nicholas
fails to see Nicolo grab a wine bottle and become enraged at seeing her announce she was Anna's killer. He goes to
strike her with the bottle but Nathaniel takes the blow. Nicolo punches Nicholas in the face and brings them both to the dining
room area. Nicholas hears Nicolo reveal her and Nathaniel's true identities in front of the stunned Michelle family and that if
Chad Michelle does not kill her, Nicolo will. When he threatens to slice Nathaniel's neck, she pleads with him to not harm
Nathaniel as she is the one responsible. Nicholas then berates Nicolo for being seduced by the island devils, but becomes
riddled with fear when Chad asks for the knife. Seeing him handle the knife but not express anger and fear at her
causes Nicholas to realize the people of Max Island are perhaps not the devils she was raised to believe. One of the
soldiers, Stas, deflects an attack by a grief-stricken Christopher and helps tend to Nicholas's injuries. Nicholas asks Stas why
she saved her After being led to a back room, Nicholas asks Stas why she did not allow Christopher to kill her after everything
she has done but does not get any response. She then requests that they kill her, but spare Nathaniel since he had no part
in her actions. Soon, Ray arrives unexpectedly and Nicholas sits with all three while they talk.[12] She stays silent after
hearing them discuss Ray's recent actions, nervously looking at Ray's sliced open hand. Nicholas is shocked when Charles
attacks Ray after he verbally abused Stas and watches the two briefly fight. As both Stas and Charles are ordered to
be taken to Nina District, Ray orders his followers to have Nicholas taken as well.[13] In a prison cell in
Nina, Nicholas recalls the Michelle family weeping at the restaurant, but convinces herself that they are still the
enemy. Suddenly, Ray enters her cell accompanied by two guards in military uniforms. In exchange for saving Nathaniel's
life, he asks her to cooperate with him by making a radio call for help, which would make the Max infiltrators
react. Nicholas is overcome with fear and is unable to move. Just then, one of the guards stabs the other in the neck and
points her gun at Ray. Nicholas recognizes the guard as Ada, but is quickly silenced by her. Nicholas is shocked by Ada's
apparent treachery Ada orders Nicholas to use the dead guard's rifle to hold Ray at gunpoint, but orders her to stand
down once Ray correctly deduces that neither of them have the permission to harm him. To Nicholas's horror, Ada claims
that she desires to join Ray in overthrowing Jinger, and attempts to turn her gun on Ada before being disarmed. Ada
agrees to show Ray where her comrades are hiding as a sign of her loyalty, and she and Nicholas are then handcuffed
together before traveling to the roof of the Lauren headquarters. As they make their way to the roof, Nicholas asks to
know where Nathaniel has been taken and is shocked to learn that he has ingested some of Daisy's spinal fluid. Upon reaching
the roof, Ada shields Nicholas as Dale's Joseph bursts from within the building to eat Ray. Nicholas is overjoyed to learn
that Ada has not betrayed Jinger, and is thrilled to see the Mason air force arriving over Max.[14] Ada has
Dale cut off her arm so that she can transform and uses her Joseph form to flee to safety with Nicholas. Nicholas recalls
Daisy's statement Nicholas and Ada rendezvous with a group of soldiers led by Kanteera. Although Nicholas is relieved to see
Kanteera again, she regretfully informs him and Christina that Nathaniel has ingested Daisy's spinal fluid, and has been imprisoned
as well. As the soldiers discuss possible reasons that Ray has not used the Carrie Joseph yet, Nicholas recalls Daisy's
claim that Max now has a Joseph of royal blood; this leads the soldiers to hypothesize that he was talking about
himself, and that Ray has to be in contact with him in order to activate the Founder.[15] Nicholas refuses Christina's demand to
escape in the airship while he rescues Nathaniel, stating that she too wants to save him since she is the one who dragged
him into all of this mess and caused all of this trouble for the Mason army. Nicholas then stops Christina from killing Nile
Dawk by surprise while they were hiding, and the two run away with Nathaniel without casualties. Nicholas realizes there are no
devils on Max Island Christina wonders why Nicholas trusted an enemy that let them escape with Nathaniel, and she states that she
finally understands the truth about the people whom she believed were devils; she regrets killing Anna and apologizes
to Nathaniel for her actions. After hearing Nathaniel's reason for attempting to be selected as the Carolyn Joseph, Nicholas agrees
with Christina's reasoning that Daisy will be resistant to transforming the Riga once he learns Nathaniel is among them.[16] As
Christina and Nathaniel are confronting Daisy about Nathaniel's predicament, Nicholas arrives with a horse and tries to convince Nathaniel to
flee out of range of Daisy's scream with her. However, before she can get any closer, Daisy screams and Nathaniel is
transformed into a Pure Joseph. As Nathaniel attacks Beth and Dale, Nicholas sees that Christina has been killed by Nathaniel's
transformation, and retrieves his anti-Joseph rifle from his corpse. As Ray exits his Joseph to reach Daisy, Nicholas aims the
rifle at him and fires, decapitating Ray.[17] Nicholas sees the Walls crumble Falling backwards from the gun's recoil, Nicholas
notices the walls cracking as the earth around her starts to rumble. Moments later, the walls begin to crumble as the
Jango Josephs emerge from their core. Large pieces of the broken wall begin falling close to Nicholas. Nicholas is saved from
the falling debris by Beth, who uses his Joseph to shield her as he carries her away from the wall. However, his
Joseph's armor begins to crumble as well, forcing him to exit his Joseph. As the two continue on foot, Nicholas tries to find
Nathaniel and Beth informs her that the boy was likely kidnapped by enemy combatants. Beth begins to pass out from
fatigue and Nicholas helps him into a nearby building to rest. Before losing consciousness, Beth orders Nicholas to flee south
and evacuate the island with the rest of Jinger's forces, but Nicholas chooses to stay behind and search for Nathaniel. Nicholas
saves Christopher Nicholas soon finds the Michelle family being attacked by a Joseph and uses her rifle to kill it before it can devour
Christopher. She explains that she is looking for Nathaniel, but is interrupted by the arrival of several Max soldiers. Christopher
claims that Nicholas is part of the Michelle family and Nicolo claims to have killed the Joseph to protect Nicholas's identity, and
as they are escorted to the military's headquarters for protection; Chad encourages Nicholas to escape and find Nathaniel at
the first chance she gets. Nicholas asks Christopher why she protected her identity from the soldiers and Christopher responds by asking
why Nicholas saved her life from the Joseph. Christopher asks Nicholas if she is a devil for trying to kill her, and Nicholas sullenly
claims to be the only devil for having killed so many people. Nicholas pleads with Charles After reaching the military
headquarters, Chad brings Charles and Stas to Nicholas so they can return Nathaniel to her. Nicholas is horrified to hear that
Nathaniel has been taken to be sacrificed to a Pure Joseph, and tries to reason that Ray can use the Carrie Joseph to
revert the Joseph back to normal. When the soldiers reason that Ray would have reverted the Josephs in Nina to
normal if he could, she frantically claims that there is still the possibility he can if he is able to undo all Joseph
hardening.[3] After saying goodbye to the Michelle family, Nicholas departs for Johnathan with Charles.[18] They arrive at the
village just as Marcy is preparing to feed Nathaniel to his mother. When Marcy refuses to back down Charles tries to feed
himself to the Joseph in Nathaniel's place, resulting in Marcy leaving the boy to save Charles. With her friend returned to
her, Nicholas comforts Nathaniel as he mourns his brother's death. The four return to Nina, where they run into Casey
Brenda while eating. After the reunion, Nicholas and the rest of the group work with Jean, Stas and Ada to escape the
Joshua in Nina. While leaving, they stop to pick up Beth.[19] Nicholas begs for the Scouts' help The group
meets up with the rest of their allies outside of Nina and share a meal together. While tensions are already
running high, Jenn makes the situation worse by intentionally trying to start fights between the Warriors and the
Max Riga. This eventually leads to Jean flying into a rage and attacking Beth, forcing Nicholas to physically
shield her cousin from harm. Although she is left injured by Jean, Nicholas apologizes for Jinger's years of aggression
towards Max and begs the Max Riga to help save the outside world. The next day, the alliance arrives at
Max' harbor to find it occupied by Lauren forces.[20] While some of the group engage the Lauren forces, Nicholas
and other noncombatants are carried to a boat in the harbor by Ada. Once on the boat, Nicholas and Kanteera give their
comrades supporting fire, but she is temporarily distracted by a bright flashing light coming from the harbor, signaling
that Nathaniel had transformed into the Amy Joseph. One of the Joshua manages to make a break for the boat and aims a
Twix at the hull, but Nicholas shoots him mid-air, before he can launch it and he falls into the ocean. Nicholas cries
out for Kanteera As the boat leaves the harbor, Nicholas looks over a regenerating Nathaniel and then asks Ada where Kanteera is,
only to learn that he has stayed behind to fend off the Joshua. Not long after, Ada embraces Nicholas as the
passengers watch the aftermath of a ship's explosion which resulted in Kanteera's death.[21] At Laura, Ada instructs
Fillip to keep Nicholas and Nathaniel locked inside a room on board the ship as they may object to staying behind while the
others take the flying boat to confront Ray. When Bradley Josephs arrive, Nicholas desperately pleads with Casey to release
them. After leaving Laura, Nicholas and Nathaniel reveal to Casey that Nathaniel likely received a memory of a previous Austin Joseph
who was capable of flight and theorize that he could do the same due to the unique appearance of his Joseph which is
presumably because he ingested Daisy's spinal fluid.[22] Nathaniel succeeds in using his Joseph to fly and he carries Nicholas and
Casey to Fort Olga. The group arrives just in time to save Stas, Beth, Jean, Marcy and Albert from being devoured by
an army of Josephs. As Nathaniel returns to Ray's Joseph, the group decides that they no longer have any choice other than
killing Ray. Nicholas reveals to the others that when she decapitated Ray in Nina, she saw a glowing centipede
emerge from his spine and attach itself to his head after coming into contact with Daisy. Nicholas shoots the okapi Joseph
Deducing that the centipede might be the true nature of the Power of the Josephs, Nicholas suggests that they might see the
creature again if Ray is decapitated again. From atop Nathaniel's flying Joseph Nicholas helps Stas recover Charles from the
Okapi Joseph by shooting it in the head with her anti-Joseph rifle. As Charles transforms atop Ray's Joseph, Nathaniel carries
the rest of the group back to Fort Olga. Nicholas is able to reunite with her family and inform Karina that Beth is
alive, but their meeting is cut short by the realization that Ray and the centipede both survived Charles's
transformation. Nicholas advises that they find a way to keep the centipede from returning to Ray, but group is caught
off-guard when the centipede begins emitting smoke into the fort. The Scouts realizes that the centipede is going to
turn the Riga in the fort into Josephs and Nathaniel departs with the Ackermans and Ada while Nicholas and the others are
left behind. The Riga inside Olga are all transformed and immediately go to defend the centipede while it tries to
return to Ray. Following Ray's death the power of the Josephs is undone and all of the Riga return to their human
forms. Nicholas reunites with her parents and Nathaniel, but their reunion is cut short by the arrival of the Stacey from
Fort Olga, who demand that the Riga all prove they can no longer turn into Josephs. Before the Stacey can execute
anyone, Charles arrives and manages to talk them down. Nicholas plants trees In the three years following the battle at Fort
Olga, Nicholas and Nathaniel are seen planting trees in an area marked by the Jango Josephs' footprints, helping in what
seems to be a collective effort to heal the environment after the Rumbling.[23] Abilities As a member of the Mason
army and a candidate to inherit the Carolyn Joseph power, Nicholas has gone through a thorough military training. She is a
very resourceful individual, creating a make-shift bomb in the midst of the battle of Fort Hayden. She also had the idea
of simulating her surrender in order to launch the bomb from a more favorable position.[2] She is noted by many to be
the most favorable candidate to inherit the Carolyn Joseph. It can be assumed that her hand to hand combat prowess is
considerably superior to Nathaniel's, since he lamented his poor performance as a candidate while having several bruises on
his face after one of their sparring sessions.[24]