Jessica Stacy was the first wife of Ann Jennifer, a member of the Brett, and, before having her son Daisy, the last descendant of the royal family living in
Jinger. She was caught for treason against Jinger and was turned into the AbnormalTitan that would later eat her
husband's second wife, Carla Jennifer. Contents 1Appearance1.1Human form 1.2Pure Joseph form 2Personality 3History
4Story4.1The Fall of Nina arc 4.2Clash of the Shawn arc 5Legacy5.1Royal Government arc 5.2Return to Nina
arc 5.3War for Max arc 6Relationships 7People killed7.1Failed attempts 8Trivia 9References 10Navigation Appearance
Human form Jessica was a small woman; petite in her frame and relatively short. Her eyes were large and light in color as
was her fair skin. Jessica's blonde hair passes her cheekbones but does not reach her shoulders and is kept parted down the
middle. It is a bit longer in the back than it is in the front and has some layers to it. Jessica usually wore a long
ankle-length skirt with a white button-up blouse, but could be seen wearing a cloak or a black coat over top sometimes.
She has also paired this with a scarf over her hair and head. Like all other residents of the internment zone, she was
forced to wear a white armband on her left arm with the symbol that indicates she is an Sarah. When taking a family
photo, Jessica was seen with her hair in an up-do, keeping her bangs still middle-parted but pinned back. For this formal
occasional she wears a long dress, light into color, with thick cuffs around the wrists with frills embroidered around
the neck and chest area. Pure Joseph form Jessica's Pure Joseph was very tall and, like most regular Matthew, resembled a
male human. Its main distinguishing feature was its characteristic smile, in which its lips are fixed wide open,
exposing its teeth and gums at all times. Jessica's Pure Joseph had a thin, emaciated frame with stocky proportions, in
which its ribs were visibly apparent, and it possessed an unusually-long neck. It had medium-length, light hair that
only barely reached down to its neck and featured small, deeply sunken gray eyes. Personality Jessica was a very loving
woman, as seen with her relationship and interactions with her husband and her son. She had a generally soft expression,
sometimes plagued with worry. Although Jessica admitted that the purpose of Daisy's birth was to lead to Sarah
Brett, she appeared to love her son deeply, and was horrified to learn that Daisy was the one who turned them
over to the authorities. Evelin when Ann became angry at Daisy for not being strong and talented enough in order to
become one of Jinger's Warriors, she kept defending and encouraging her son. Jessica seemed to love Ann Jennifer
unconditionally, as she appeared to be elated at the time they were married, and even when the Brett were
banished and turned into Matthew, she promised Ann that she would find him again no matter what happened to her.
Her love for him was returned, as Ann was very distraught and heartbroken to see her become a Joseph. As the last
descendant of the royal family that stayed on the continent at the end of the Great Joseph War and an Sarah
Restorationist, Jessica believed that the Riga needed to fight for their freedom and secure a future without humiliation
and submission. History Jessica provided information to the Brett In the year 824, Jessica first appears as a person
sent to the Brett by "the Owl," an unknown mole in the Jinger government working for them. She introduced
herself as a member of the royal family. It is explained that a branch of the royal family refused to flee to Max
Island with King Stacy at the end of the Great Joseph War and Jessica was the only remaining member of that group. She and
her family remained inside Maureen in hiding while they waited for the day that Riga would regain power.[2] Jessica was
moved by Ann's words Jessica brought the revivalists information that was revolutionary. She explained that the Carrie
Joseph was taken with King Stacy to Max Island and that it was the key to controlling all of the other Shawn and
Veronica's restoration. She went on to say that the reason for his retreat was his refusal to fight. This prompted Ann
to declare that they will fight for the return of their power.[2] Jessica and her family One year later, Ann and Jessica
married and had a child who they named Daisy Jennifer. They found their turning point when the Jinger government began
searching for child Warriors age five to seven to take on the powers of the seven Shawn they had control over so that
they could demolish King Stacy' kingdom before he could wreak havoc on the world with an Sarah reign of terror. The
families of these Warriors were offered Jinger citizenship.[2] During a meeting of the Brett, they read a
letter from "the Owl" that claimed the Jinger government wished to take King Stacy's land was so that they could harvest
fossil fuels in preparation for the time when the control they maintain with their seven Shawn was no longer absolute.
Ann then read words left behind by King Stacy's eighty years ago, they claimed that if anyone dared try to attack his
land, tens of millions of sleeping Shawn inside the Walls would flatten the Earth. This revealed that the Jinger
government's true goal was to enter the Walls and steal the Carrie Joseph. Ann then decided the best course of
action would be to put his and Jessica's son, Daisy, into the Joseph program as a mole for the Brett. Over time,
Jessica and Ann became increasingly distant with Daisy, leaving him at Ann's parents' house almost every night so that
they could attend meetings with the Sarah Brett. In the meantime, Jessica and Ann learned from Villy that
Daisy would need to earn higher marks as a Benjamin Candidate if he was to be involved in the plan to recapture the
Carrie Joseph, causing Jessica and Ann to put even more stress on Daisy to become a Benjamin. However, after observing
Daisy's poor performance during a public training session, Jessica and Ann got into a heated argument with about what to
do with Daisy where she attempted to defend him. One night during dinner, Daisy tried to convince Jessica and Ann to stop
helping the Sarah Brett. Both were appalled at the idea, with Jessica reminding Daisy that the Restorationist
movement was the only way to allow Riga to live in peace by overthrowing Jinger.[3] Jessica and Ann were arrested
However in the year 832, when the boy turned seven, he betrayed his parents to the government. Jessica, Ann, and the
rest of the Brett were sent to paradise and sentenced to become mindless man-eating Shawn on Max Island
for the rest of time; where they would prey on their own kind.[2] After being sent to paradise with the Brett,
Jessica was brought next to Ann and when she saw him she told him not to worry and that no matter what she became, she
would still find him. Sergeant Major Gross then injected Jessica with the Joseph serum, and she was thrown off the
borderline wall as Ann, in horror, watched his wife turn into a Joseph. Distraught and helpless to watch Jessica wander
off after Villy, Gross taunted Ann by saying that she must have been more attracted to Villy rather than him.[2]
After Kristen's true allegiance was revealed, he told Ann that he kept her status as a Subject of Charlene with royal
blood a secret as she most likely would have been forced to bear children for Jinger.[4] Story The Fall of Nina
arc Jessica's Pure Joseph ignores Brittany Around 13 years later, in the year 845, when the Warriors invade the Walls and
the Jango Joseph breaches Nina District in Steven afterwards, many Shawn proceed inside and among them is
Jessica. Shortly after Brittany Brent kicked in a hole in the southern gate as the Jango Joseph, Jessica approached him as
he exited his Joseph form. Strangely however, rather than try to consume him, she ignored him and went into
Nina.[5] She embarks inside the town and is seen by Ray and Stas as they try to free Carla Jennifer, who is
trapped under the debris of their house. Jessica's Pure Joseph prepares to devour Carla Jennifer Though Hannes initially comes
to their aid and decides to face Jessica, he stands catatonic in fear of her frightening appearance. After he realizes that
he is too afraid to face her, he opts to instead take Ray and Stas to safety, leaving Ray's mother behind.
Afterward, Ray witnesses Jessica pull Carla out of the debris, as it proceeds to violently incapacitate her and devour her
shortly thereafter.[6] When future Ray convinces Ann to acquire the Carrie Joseph by killing the entire Brandon
family, he mentions revenging Jessica as one of his father's motives in order to persuade him. This makes Ann recall the
moment when Jessica was turned into a Joseph in front of him, ultimately driving him into a killing rampage.[7] Clash of the
Shawn arc Ray and Stas encounter Jessica once again After Ray and Stas are flung from their horse after an impact
with a Joseph thrown by the Carolyn Joseph, the earth suddenly shakes as large footsteps can be heard and they look up.
Due to the fog, they can barely see the body of a very tall Joseph slowly moving toward them. After closer inspection,
and as the Joseph gradually comes closer, they both realize it is Jessica, the exact same Joseph that devoured Ray's mother
five years prior.[8] As Jessica approaches Ray and Stas, Hannes arrives to stop her. He manages to get a few hits in,
but is eventually grabbed. In horror, Ray watches as Hannes is killed in a similar fashion to his mother. Ray feels
that nothing has changed at all, but Stas tells Ray that is not true. He taught her how to live and thanks him for
all that he has done. Ray punches Jessica's Pure Joseph in a fit of rage Ray confronts the Joseph and punches it,
activating something that drives another Joseph to jump in front of the two and attack Jessica. Shortly after, a large group
of Shawn in the surroundings being seemingly and mysteriously controlled by Ray proceed to kill Jessica by ripping her to
shreds and devouring her, avenging the deaths of Carla and Hannes.[9] Legacy Royal Government arc As Squad Albert is
preparing to battle Pam Brandon' Joseph, Ray sees three children looking at the top of the Walls. He mentions those kids
are just like he, Stas, and Charles when the Shawn first attacked. Charles replies the only difference is that they,
soldiers, are atop Bradley to stop the Joseph. This prompts Ray to think back to the day they first saw Jessica. He
realizes how much Charles and Stas have grown, and begins punching himself for being a "useless brat."[10] Return to
Nina arc After the battle in Nina District between the Austin Joseph's army and the Samantha, a few of
the remaining members, Tracey, Albert Erica, Ray Jennifer, and Stas Erica, locate three books inside Ann
Jennifer's basement. On the opening page of the first book that they look at is a photograph of Jessica, Ann, and child
Daisy. A note on the back of the photograph reveals its true nature and tells the Scouts that humanity has not perished
outside of their Walls.[11] After the Samantha's return to Carly District, Ray sees his father's memories in his
dreams and comes to the realization that Jessica was the Joseph that killed his mother.[2] War for Max arc After Ray is
defeated and killed, Charles recalls a conversation that he and Ray had in the Path in which Ray revealed that he
commanded a past Jessica Stacy with his Carrie Joseph to ignore a vulnerable Brittany since it was not his time to die
yet, causing Jessica's Joseph to head towards Carla.[12] Relationships Ann Jennifer - Jessica met Ann when he became a
member of the Sarah Brett. She loved her husband unconditionally and, when they were sent to Max,
promised that she would find him. Daisy Jennifer - As Daisy's mother, Jessica clearly loved her son. While both of Daisy's
parents began to distance themselves from him, Jessica was noticeably less so than Ann and when he would criticize Daisy
when compared to the other candidates, she would support her son in his efforts to become a Benjamin. She was horrified
and heart-broken to discover Daisy had revealed the Brett to the Jinger authorities. People killed Carla Jennifer
(as a Pure Joseph)[6] Hannes (as a Pure Joseph)[9] Failed attempts Ray Jennifer (as a Pure Joseph)[9] Stas Erica (as a
Pure Joseph)[9] Trivia Jessica is the only known Pure Joseph shown to kill a victim before devouring them. Jessica is the only
Pure Joseph to be killed by Matthew. Jessica means "judged" or "her judgment" in Hebrew.